Road to MilanoCortina2026  Next Games  Olympic Channel  Worldwide Olympic Partners  Sunil Chhetri comes out of retirement in big boost for Indian football  Kane Williamsonâs press conference takes a âpawsâ as curious cat steals the show  Asian Womenâs Kabaddi Championship: All results, scores and standings  India to face Switzerland in Davis Cup World Group I showdown in September  HS Prannoy crashes out in second round of Orleans Masters badminton  FIFA and Coldplay to choose artists for first-ever World Cup halftime show  Arshad Nadeem adds Olympic touch to Champions Trophy semi-final in Lahore  Discover the magic of the Italian Alps  Milano Cortina 2026 Salomon collection  Milano Cortina 2026  Featured Events  Ski Mountaineering  ISMF World Championships  Morgins  Badminton  Orleans Masters presented by VICTOR  Icestock  World Championship  Kapfenberg  Stanz Secure your Milano Cortina 2026 stay Gear up with exclusive designs inspired by Salomon! List items:  Sunil ChhetriSunil Chhetri comes out of retirement in big boost for Indian football  Cricket00:37Kane Williamsonâs press conference takes a âpawsâ as curious cat steals the show  Asian Womenâs Kabaddi Championship: All results, scores and standings  TennisIndia to face Switzerland in Davis Cup World Group I showdown in September  HS Prannoy crashes out in second round of Orleans Masters badminton  FIFA and Coldplay to choose artists for first-ever World Cup halftime show  Arshad Nadeem adds Olympic touch to Champions Trophy semi-final in Lahore  Explore  Explore  Explore  Explore  Olympic Games  Milano Cortina 2026  Results  Medals  Replays  Highlights  All Olympic Games  Olympic Channel  TV Channel  Live Events  Original Series  Corporate  News  Podcast  Topics  Explore  Athletes  Sports  Cookie Policy  Cookie Settings  Privacy Policy  Terms of Service

---

Sunil Chhetri comes out of retirement in big boost for Indian football  Related content  Sunil Chhetris goals record: What makes Indias legend so lethal  Most goals in international football: Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi top scoring charts Sunil Chhetri, now 40, is India's all-time leading goal-scorer having netted 94 goals in 151 international appearances. Indian football legend Sunil Chhetri has come out of retirement and made himself available for the Blue Tigers third round AFC Asian Cup 2027 qualifiers campaign, scheduled for later this month.

Chhetri had announced his retirement from international football last June after a stalemate against Kuwait in Indias FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifiers. However, the 40-year-old Sunil Chhetri will once again wear national colours and lead the line for India in the upcoming international break. India will play a friendly match against Maldives on March 19 in preparation for the opening match of the AFC Asian Cup 2027 qualifiers final round against Bangladesh on March 25. "The qualification for the Asian Cup is very crucial for us, Indian football coach Manolo Márquez said.

Given the importance of the tournament and the matches ahead, I discussed with Sunil Chhetri about making a comeback to strengthen the national team. He agreed, and so we have included him in the squad." Widely regarded as one of the best football players India has ever produced, Chhetri is the countrys all-time leading goal-scorer having netted 94 goals in 151 international appearances.

He is fourth on the all-time leaderboard for most international goals in mens football behind Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Ali Daei. Having continued to play for Bengaluru FC in the Indian Super League following his international retirement last year, Chhetri has been in fine form for the Blues, scoring 12 times and providing two assists in ISL 2024-25. The top Indian goal-scorer in ISL 2024-25 and second in the golden boot race for the ongoing campaign, Chhetri has scored 73 goals in 178 ISL matches during his career.

Overall, Chhetri has scored 267 goals in 544 matches in his career, including 173 strikes in 393 games at club level. India have been drawn with Bangladesh, Hong Kong China and Singapore in Group C for the third round of the AFC Asian Cup 2027 qualifiers. Their first match is against Bangladesh on March 25 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Shillong. ---

About the IOC  International Olympic Committee  Beyond the Games  More information  IOC Social Media  Empowering Girls Through Sport: how the Turkish Olympic Committee inspires girls to thrive  Latest news  IOC President Election 2025  Milano Cortina 2026  The Olympic Partner Programme The project has been making a profound difference to girls aged from 10 to 14 since its launch in 2021, with approximately 1,500 participants so far.

International Women's Day 2025: Breaking down barriers in sport for all women and girls Study finds that 88 per cent of Paris region residents engaged with the Games Olympism365: Advancing sustainable development with emerging technologies Olympic Highlights 03032025 Collective efforts needed between partners to use the potential of sport to achieve the SDGs IOC President Thomas Bach honoured by EOC General Assembly in FrankfurtMain, Germany and signs Golden Book of the city IOC President Bach awarded highest honours of the City of Lausanne and the Canton of Vaud President Bach to resign as an IOC Member after 23 June 2025 IOC grants provisional recognition to World Boxing World broadcasters meet with less than a year to go until Milano Cortina 2026 Milano Cortina 2026 and On Location unveil exclusive hospitality packages for the Olympic Winter Games Seven candidates will compete in the election for the presidency of the International Olympic Committee at the 144th IOC Session held from 18 to 21 March 2025 in Greece. The Olympic Winter Games return to Europe, the birthplace of Alpine skiing, encompassing a large portion of Italys breathtaking mountains and covering an area of 22,000 square kilometres. From 6 to 22 February 2026, around 2,900 athletes from over 90 National Olympic Committees will compete in 116 events on ice and snow, in eight sports and 16 disciplines. The IOC is at the very heart of world sport, supporting every Olympic Movement stakeholder, promoting Olympism worldwide, and overseeing the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. The IOC is also committed to promoting sport in society, strengthening the integrity of sport and supporting clean athletes and other sports organisations.

The modern Olympic Games are the worlds foremost multi-sports event. They are the largest sporting celebration in terms of the number of sports on the programme, the number of athletes present and the number of people from different nations gathered together at the same time, in the same place, in the spirit of friendly competition The athletes are at the heart of the Olympic Movement. The IOCs priority is the protection of the clean athletes and to support them on and off the field of play. The Olympic Movement is the concerted, organised, universal and permanent action, carried out under the supreme authority of the IOC, of all individuals and entities who are inspired by the values of Olympism.

Welcome to the source for all the information journalists need to cover the Olympic Games and Olympic Movement. You are only a click away from high resolution photos, Video News Releases, press releases, information on accreditation, a calendar of events, contact information and much, much more. Statutory documents governing the activities of the IOC, official documents relating to the celebration of the Olympic Games, host contracts, decision-making documentation, marketing programmes, codes of conduct for the Games, athlete-related documentation and much more are available here. Be part of a purpose-driven organisation that ensures the regular celebration of the Olympic Games, promotes the Olympic values and uses sport as an agent for positive social change around the world.

Enjoy a one-of-a-kind experience working in a movement that transcends geographic and cultural boundaries and unifies and inspires the world through sport. Find here information about all topics concerning the IOC, the Olympic Games and the Olympic Movement. The Olympic Partners (TOP) programme is the highest level of Olympic sponsorship, granting category-exclusive marketing rights to the Summer, Winter and Youth Olympic Games to a select group of global partners. For subjects of interest to the media.

Up-to-the-minute information on the IOC and regular updates. Extensive selection of photos available for media use shortly after each event. List items:  Olympics  Museum  Athlete365  Olympic Studies Centre  Olympic Refuge Foundation  Milano Cortina 2026  Shop  Learn more