Supporting countries worldwide in their transition to a sustainable energy future  Latest news  Delivering on the UAE Consensus: Tracking progress toward tripling renewable energy capacity and doubling energy efficiency by 2030  Key Data  Recent publications  Events  Featured video  Featured video  Tripling off-grid renewables is a catalyst for sustainable development in rural communities  Why Community-Centred Approach is Key to Scale up Renewables-Based Adaptation Efforts in Agriculture  The 2025 IRENA Youth Forum Empowers Youth to Shape Global Energy Future  See also  Tripling off-grid renewables is a catalyst for sustainable development in rural communities  Renewable Pathway More Cost-effective than Fossil Fuels in Indonesia  Member Login  Latest news  Global renewable generation capacity (GW)  Global jobs (million)  Power generation costs (2023 USDkWh)  2023 Year in Review: Climate-driven Global Renewable Energy Potential Resources and Energy Demand  Renewable energy benefits: Leveraging local capacity for concentrated solar power  Decentralised renewable energy for powering agri-food value chains in the Republic of Guinea  SIDS Lighthouses Initiative: Progress and way forward  Electrification with renewables: Enhancing healthcare delivery in Mozambique  Planning and prospects for renewable power: Central Africa  A just energy transition for communities: Large-scale wind and solar projects in Sub-Saharan Africa  Off-grid Renewable Energy Statistics 2024  Sustainable aviation fuels in Southeast Asia: A regional perspective on bio-based solutions  A Quality Infrastructure Roadmap for green hydrogen  Accelerate Action: Rights, Equality, Empowerment for All Women and Girls through Renewable Energy  IRENA at SEforAll Global Forum 2025  2nd Regional Energy Transition Outlook for Africa Advisory Meeting Videos Press release Article Mission Our Mission Off-grid renewables deployment efforts in developing countries should be accelerated in climate and development goals in rural areas, underpinned by strong international cooperation and multi-stakeholder partnerships. There is an urgent need for the internatiaThe International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) and the International Institute for Environment and Development (IIED) have developed a practical framework to guide stakeholders in incorporating renewable energy, climate action and agriculture into their investment projects, under the frame of the IRENA Empowering Lives and Livelihoods Initiativeonal community to support access-deficit countries through the improvement of their NDCs. The 2024 edition of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) Youth Forum, themed Youth at the Core of a Just Energy Transition: Skills, Empowerment and Innovation', aimed to not only foster discussions but also equip young participants with the tools and knowledge necessary to shape a more sustainable and inclusive energy future. Off-grid renewables deployment efforts in developing countries should be accelerated in climate and development goals in rural areas, underpinned by strong international cooperation and multi-stakeholder partnerships.

For more news, log into your Member's Account 24 February 20 February 30 January Stay up to date GW  since M The second edition of the Year in Review report, by the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF), the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), examines the links between climate change and renewable energy. This latest report in the leveraging local capacity series highlights the job potential of concentrated solar power (CSP). This report assesses the potential for the integration of distributed renewable energy solutions for in the agri-food sector in the Republic of Guinea. The 2025 edition of the annual report of the Small Island Developing States (SDIS) Lighthouses Initiative provides an overview of the progress achieved by SIDS in their energy transitions in 2023-2024. Decentralised renewable energy offers a reliable, modern and cost-effective solution to the energy access deficit that hinders effective healthcare delivery in Mozambique.

Building on previous editions of the series, this report explores the power sector landscape of Central Africa, providing analysis of potential scenarios for long-term development of the sector in the region. This report investigates the potential benefits of large-scale solar and wind energy projects to local communities in Sub-Saharan Africa. This publication presents statistics for the decade 2014-2023 in trilingual tables, covering off-grid power capacity, biogas production and numbers of people using off-grid power and biogas for cooking and lighting. Providing and overview of the development of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) in Southeast Asia, this report emphasises the urgency of accelerating the sustainable scale-up of biofuel supply chains in the region.

This report, supported by the National Metrology Institute of Germany (PTB) and Germanys Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ), presents a Roadmap for developing a quality infrastructure system for green hydrogen. List items:  Search Look for information across IRENA.org Skip Next  REmember Log in to the Member section Skip Next  Up to date with IRENA Get informed about news and updates relevant to your area of interests Skip Next  Clipboard Here you can find interests items you have saved by exploring IRENA.org Close  All users  Members  Tripling off-grid renewables is a catalyst for sustainable development in rural communities 24 February 2025 Articles Off-grid renewables deployment efforts in developing countries should be accelerated in climate and development goals in rural areas, underpinned by strong international cooperation and multi-stakeholder partnerships. Why Community-Centred Approach is Key to Scale up Renewables-Based Adaptation Efforts in Agriculture 20 February 2025 Expert Insights There is an urgent need for the internatiaThe International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) and the International Institute for Environment and Development (IIED) have developed a practical framework to guide stakeholders in incorporating renewable energy, climate action and agriculture into their investment projects, under the frame of the IRENA Empowering Lives and Livelihoods Initiativeonal community to support access-deficit countries through the improvement of their NDCs.

The 2025 IRENA Youth Forum Empowers Youth to Shape Global Energy Future 30 January 2025 Articles The 2024 edition of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) Youth Forum, themed Youth at the Core of a Just Energy Transition: Skills, Empowerment and Innovation', aimed to not only foster discussions but also equip young participants with the tools and knowledge necessary to shape a more sustainable and inclusive energy future. press releases  articles  expert insights  Tripling off-grid renewables is a catalyst for sustainable development in rural communities 24 February 2025 Articles Off-grid renewables deployment efforts in developing countries should be accelerated in climate and development goals in rural areas, underpinned by strong international cooperation and multi-stakeholder partnerships. Renewable Pathway More Cost-effective than Fossil Fuels in Indonesia 22 October Article  Member Login For more news, log into your Member's Account Log in to your account  24 February Tripling off-grid renewables is a catalyst for sustainable development in rural communities  20 February Why Community-Centred Approach is Key to Scale up Renewables-Based Adaptation Efforts in Agriculture  30 January The 2025 IRENA Youth Forum Empowers Youth to Shape Global Energy Future  Global renewable generation capacity (GW) GW  since  Global jobs (million) M  Power generation costs (2023 USDkWh)  2023 Year in Review: Climate-driven Global Renewable Energy Potential Resources and Energy Demand The second edition of the Year in Review report, by the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF), the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), examines the links between climate change and renewable energy. View March 2025 Energy transition, Energy efficiency, Wind energy English  Renewable energy benefits: Leveraging local capacity for concentrated solar power This latest report in the leveraging local capacity series highlights the job potential of concentrated solar power (CSP). View January 2025 Energy transition, Solar energy English  Decentralised renewable energy for powering agri-food value chains in the Republic of Guinea This report assesses the potential for the integration of distributed renewable energy solutions for in the agri-food sector in the Republic of Guinea.

View January 2025 Energy transition English  SIDS Lighthouses Initiative: Progress and way forward The 2025 edition of the annual report of the Small Island Developing States (SDIS) Lighthouses Initiative provides an overview of the progress achieved by SIDS in their energy transitions in 2023-2024. View January 2025 Energy transition English  Electrification with renewables: Enhancing healthcare delivery in Mozambique Decentralised renewable energy offers a reliable, modern and cost-effective solution to the energy access deficit that hinders effective healthcare delivery in Mozambique. View January 2025 Energy transition English  Planning and prospects for renewable power: Central Africa Building on previous editions of the series, this report explores the power sector landscape of Central Africa, providing analysis of potential scenarios for long-term development of the sector in the region. View January 2025 Energy transition, Planning English  A just energy transition for communities: Large-scale wind and solar projects in Sub-Saharan Africa This report investigates the potential benefits of large-scale solar and wind energy projects to local communities in Sub-Saharan Africa.

View January 2025 Energy transition, Wind energy, Solar energy English  Off-grid Renewable Energy Statistics 2024 This publication presents statistics for the decade 2014-2023 in trilingual tables, covering off-grid power capacity, biogas production and numbers of people using off-grid power and biogas for cooking and lighting. View December 2024 Off-grid for energy access English, French, Spanish  Sustainable aviation fuels in Southeast Asia: A regional perspective on bio-based solutions Providing and overview of the development of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) in Southeast Asia, this report emphasises the urgency of accelerating the sustainable scale-up of biofuel supply chains in the region. View December 2024 Energy transition, Bioenergy  biofuels, Bioenergy English  A Quality Infrastructure Roadmap for green hydrogen This report, supported by the National Metrology Institute of Germany (PTB) and Germanys Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ), presents a Roadmap for developing a quality infrastructure system for green hydrogen. View November 2024 Energy transition, Quality  Standards, Green hydrogen, Hydrogen, Technology  infrastructure English  Featured video Governments are facing a difficult task of bringing the health emergency under control while introducing major stimulus and recovery measures.

The crisis has exposed deeply embedded vulnerabilities ... Francesco La Camera, IRENA Director-General Read more More videos  Featured video Time to Transform European Commitments into Actions Francesco La Camera, IRENA Director-General Euronews Read more More videos

---

Outlook  Global outlook  World Energy Transitions Outlook 2023: 1.5C Pathway  Regional outlooks  National outlooks  Past Events  Contact us  REmap regional reports  Renewable Energy Outlook for ASEAN: Towards a Regional Energy Transition (2nd Edition)  Renewable Energy Roadmap for Central America: Towards a Regional Energy Transition  Renewable Energy Prospects for Central and South-Eastern Europe Energy Connectivity (CESEC)  Renewable Energy Prospects for the European Union  Renewable Energy Outlook for ASEAN  Africa 2030: Roadmap for a Renewable Energy Future  REmap country reports  Malaysia energy transition outlook  Renewable Energy Roadmap: Nigeria  Indonesia Energy Transition Outlook  Republic of Palau: Renewable Energy Roadmap 2022-2050  Urban Energy Transition for the Greater Metropolitan Area of the Central Valley of Costa Rica  Antigua and Barbuda: Renewable Energy Roadmap  Renewable Energy Outlook: Lebanon  Renewable Energy Prospects: South Africa  Renewable Energy Outlook: Egypt  Renewable Energy Outlook: Thailand  Renewable Energy in Latin America and the Caribbean Towards a Regional Energy Transition  Malaysia Energy Transition Outlook Expert Consultation Workshop  Indonesia Energy Transition Outlook Expert Consultation Workshop The success of the energy transition depends on a transformation of the global energy sector from fossil-based to zero-carbon sources by the second half of this century, reducing energy-related CO2 emissions to mitigate climate change and limit global temperature to within 1.5 of pre-industrial levels. However, the decarbonisation of the energy sector requires urgent action on a global scale to accelerate the global energy transition and realise both national and regional commitments. IRENAs World energy transitions outlook charts an evolving pathway to achieving a climate-safe future in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement. Its 1.5C pathway offers a roadmap for accelerating the global energy transition by positioning electrification and efficiency as key drivers of change, backed by renewables, hydrogen and sustainable biomass.

An aggressive energy efficiency strategy, combined with the ramping up of renewables to replace fossil fuels, is the most realistic path towards halving emissions by 2030. Yet phasing out fossil fuels is a complex task for countries heavily reliant on coal - especially given the imperatives of a just and fair transition for workers and communities. Concerted action and international co-operation are therefore essential for timely progress. The 1.5C Scenario will require investments of USD 5.7 trillion per year until 2030. Investment decisions are long-lived and the risks of stranded assets are high, so decisions must be guided by long-term logic.

The World energy transitions outlook estimates that USD 0.7 trillion in annual investments in fossil fuels should be redirected towards energy transition technologies. While most of the additional capital is expected to come from the private sector, a doubling of public financing will be required to catalyse private finance and create an enabling environment for a transition that brings optimal socio-economic gains, including transition-related jobs and GDP. Furthermore, a comprehensive set of policies covering all technological avenues is needed to achieve the necessary levels of deployment by 2030. Only a holistic global policy framework can bring countries together to orchestrate a just transition that strengthens international finance flows, capacities and technologies, and leaves no one behind. In turn, progressive policy and regulatory measures will generate greater benefits from the energy transition for all peoples, nations and regions of the world.

IRENAs 1.5C Scenario, set out in the World Energy Transitions Outlook, presents a pathway to achieve the 1.5C target by 2050, positioning electrification and efficiency as key transition drivers, enabled by renewable energy, clean hydrogen and sustainable biomass. Representing core components of its global outlook, the Agencys regional energy transition outlooks provide a more nuanced exploration of both the technical potential and the socio-economic benefits of the energy transition at the regional level. Drawing on analyses of renewable energy markets, employment, innovation, costs and capacities, these serve as the basis for informed development strategies and strengthened regional cooperation to both accelerate the progress toward, and maximise the benefits from, the global transition to renewables. IRENAS country-level studies comprise renewable energy roadmaps, readiness assessments, individual socio-economic analyses and transition outlooks that form the foundations of its regional and global perspectives. Providing practical and actionable recommendations, backed by extensive data and knowledge, these products serve as the basis for informed decision-making at the national level to support and advance the global energy transition.

The success of the energy transition depends on a transformation of the global energy sector from fossil-based to zero-carbon sources by the second half of this century, reducing energy-related CO2 emissions to mitigate climate change and limit global temperature to within 1.5 of pre-industrial levels. However, the decarbonisation of the energy sector requires urgent action on a global scale to accelerate the global energy transition and realise both national and regional commitments. IRENAs World energy transitions outlook charts an evolving pathway to achieving a climate-safe future in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement.

Its 1.5C pathway offers a roadmap for accelerating the global energy transition by positioning electrification and efficiency as key drivers of change, backed by renewables, hydrogen and sustainable biomass. An aggressive energy efficiency strategy, combined with the ramping up of renewables to replace fossil fuels, is the most realistic path towards halving emissions by 2030. Yet phasing out fossil fuels is a complex task for countries heavily reliant on coal - especially given the imperatives of a just and fair transition for workers and communities.

Concerted action and international co-operation are therefore essential for timely progress. The 1.5C Scenario will require investments of USD 5.7 trillion per year until 2030. Investment decisions are long-lived and the risks of stranded assets are high, so decisions must be guided by long-term logic.

The World energy transitions outlook estimates that USD 0.7 trillion in annual investments in fossil fuels should be redirected towards energy transition technologies. While most of the additional capital is expected to come from the private sector, a doubling of public financing will be required to catalyse private finance and create an enabling environment for a transition that brings optimal socio-economic gains, including transition-related jobs and GDP. Furthermore, a comprehensive set of policies covering all technological avenues is needed to achieve the necessary levels of deployment by 2030.

Only a holistic global policy framework can bring countries together to orchestrate a just transition that strengthens international finance flows, capacities and technologies, and leaves no one behind. In turn, progressive policy and regulatory measures will generate greater benefits from the energy transition for all peoples, nations and regions of the world. IRENAs 1.5C Scenario, set out in the World Energy Transitions Outlook, presents a pathway to achieve the 1.5C target by 2050, positioning electrification and efficiency as key transition drivers, enabled by renewable energy, clean hydrogen and sustainable biomass. Representing core components of its global outlook, the Agencys regional energy transition outlooks provide a more nuanced exploration of both the technical potential and the socio-economic benefits of the energy transition at the regional level. Drawing on analyses of renewable energy markets, employment, innovation, costs and capacities, these serve as the basis for informed development strategies and strengthened regional cooperation to both accelerate the progress toward, and maximise the benefits from, the global transition to renewables.

IRENAS country-level studies comprise renewable energy roadmaps, readiness assessments, individual socio-economic analyses and transition outlooks that form the foundations of its regional and global perspectives. Providing practical and actionable recommendations, backed by extensive data and knowledge, these products serve as the basis for informed decision-making at the national level to support and advance the global energy transition. List items:  Search Look for information across IRENA.org Skip Next  REmember Log in to the Member section Skip Next  Up to date with IRENA Get informed about news and updates relevant to your area of interests Skip Next  Clipboard Here you can find interests items you have saved by exploring IRENA.org Close  Cost trends  Energy Transition  Heating and Cooling  Innovation and Technology  PDF  Renewable Energy Outlook for ASEAN: Towards a Regional Energy Transition (2nd Edition)  Renewable Energy Roadmap for Central America: Towards a Regional Energy Transition  Renewable Energy Prospects for Central and South-Eastern Europe Energy Connectivity (CESEC)  Renewable Energy Prospects for the European Union  Renewable Energy Outlook for ASEAN  Africa 2030: Roadmap for a Renewable Energy Future  Malaysia energy transition outlook  Renewable Energy Roadmap: Nigeria  Indonesia Energy Transition Outlook  Republic of Palau: Renewable Energy Roadmap 2022-2050  Urban Energy Transition for the Greater Metropolitan Area of the Central Valley of Costa Rica  Antigua and Barbuda: Renewable Energy Roadmap  Renewable Energy Outlook: Lebanon  Renewable Energy Prospects: South Africa  Renewable Energy Outlook: Egypt  Renewable Energy Outlook: Thailand  16 June 2022 Virtual Renewable Energy in Latin America and the Caribbean Towards a Regional Energy Transition  9 September 2021 Virtual Malaysia Energy Transition Outlook Expert Consultation Workshop  28 July 2021 Virtual Indonesia Energy Transition Outlook Expert Consultation Workshop

---

Multilateral partnerships: Initiatives  Multilateral partnerships: Cooperation platforms  Collaborative Frameworks  Bilateral partnerships  SIDS Lighthouses Initiative  Global Geothermal Alliance (GGA)  Global Offshore Wind Alliance (GOWA)  Beyond Food Clean Cooking Platform  Alliance for Industry Decarbonization  Utilities for Net Zero Alliance (UNEZA)  Empowering Lives and Livelihoods  Renewables for Climate Action  Accelerated Partnership for Renewables in Africa (APRA)  Coalition for Action  Energy Transition Accelerator Financing (ETAF) Platform  Climate Investment Platform (CIP)  IOREC  Youth Engagement  Parliamentary network  Organisations  Private sector partnerships IRENA engages bilaterally with a range of private sector actors, organisations and countries to create synergies that accelerate the energy transition globally. List items:  Search Look for information across IRENA.org Skip Next  REmember Log in to the Member section Skip Next  Up to date with IRENA Get informed about news and updates relevant to your area of interests Skip Next  Clipboard Here you can find interests items you have saved by exploring IRENA.org Close  SIDS Lighthouses Initiative This initiative is a framework for action which brings together 38 SIDS and 31 partners to support island's energy transformation and climate action.

more  Global Geothermal Alliance (GGA) GGA serves as a platform for dialogue, cooperation and coordinated action between the geothermal industry, policy makers and stakeholders worldwide to increase the use of geothermal energy, both in power generation and direct use of heat. more  Global Offshore Wind Alliance (GOWA) Bringing together governments, the private sector and international organisations, the Alliance aims to drive ambitions and remove barriers to realise the unique opportunity of offshore wind power and accelerate its deployment in line with climate targets. more  Beyond Food Clean Cooking Platform IRENA co-founded the Beyond Food Clean Cooking Platform (BFCCP) to unlock the potential that renewable energy offers to clean cooking access by fostering cooperation and coordinating actions which focus on policy, enterprise development, gender equality and facilitating finance.

more  Alliance for Industry Decarbonization This initiative provides the necessary cross-sector collaboration to confront the industrial sector's urgent and mutually beneficial need to decarbonize. It aims to strengthen dialogue and coordinated action with a focus on industrial value chains and renewables-based solutions. more  Utilities for Net Zero Alliance (UNEZA) UNEZA serves as an international platform for cooperation among entities operating within the power utilities ecosystem, to address and overcome common barriers to the realisation of net zero ambitions and more near-term emissions reduction targets.

Through it, shaping dynamic new partnerships, and forging effective channels for dialogue with key public and private stakeholders. more  Empowering Lives and Livelihoods  Renewables for Climate Action The overall development objective of the COP28 Initiative launched by IRENA and the Government of United Arab Emirates is to stimulate global collaborative action for increased investments for the deployment of sustainable, efficient, and affordable renewable energy solutions for energizing the agri-food chains and health sector, enhancing the lives and livelihoods of especially vulnerable communities. more  Accelerated Partnership for Renewables in Africa (APRA) The Accelerated Partnership for Renewables in Africa (APRA) is an international alliance led by African countries to accelerate the implementation of their energy transitions and promote green industrialisation. more  Collaborative Frameworks Collaborative Frameworks are serving as effective vehicles for dialogue, peer-to-peer collaboration and exchange of knowledge among Member countries and beyond.

more  Coalition for Action Coalition brings together over 120 leading renewable energy players including private sector companies, industry associations, civil society, research institutes and intergovernmental organisations to promote the wider and faster uptake of renewable energy technologies. more  Energy Transition Accelerator Financing (ETAF) Platform ETAF is an inclusive, multi-stakeholder climate finance platform. ETAF pursues facilitating capital mobilisation to scale up the development of renewable energy projects to advance the energy transition across emerging markets. more  Climate Investment Platform (CIP) A joint initiative with a mandate to increase capital mobilisation and renewable energy investment in developing countries.

IRENA focuses on technical assistance for projects to reach commercial feasibility readiness for matchmaking with financial institutions or partners. more  IOREC IOREC is the global platform dedicated to sharing experience, best practices, identifying synergies and forging partnerships in off-grid renewable energy more  Youth Engagement IRENA encourages youth to identify the role that they can play in shaping the energy transition within their communities and engages youth through capacity-building initiatives on governance, education and innovation. more  Parliamentary network IRENA engages with members of parliament and legislators globally, disseminating relevant and up-to-date information, establishing an active network of renewable energy champions, and facilitating exchanges best practices. more  Organisations IRENA collaborates with various organisations to develop synergies that promote the widespread and increased adoption of renewable energy. more  Private sector partnerships Guidelines for co-operation with the private sector and information on current private sector partnerships set with an aim to advance energy transformation.

more

====================

The battery industry has entered a new phase  Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Important message for WDS users  Latest news, commentaries and reports  The world is moving at speed into the Age of Electricity  The links between energy, trade and manufacturing  Shaping a secure and sustainable energy future for all  The IEA is at the heart of the global dialogue on energy Electricity 2025 is out now The worlds consumption of electricity is forecast to rise at its fastest pace in recent years, growing at close to 4 annually through 2027 as power use climbs in a range of sectors across the economy. Our latest market analysis provides a deep and comprehensive look at the key drivers, as well as the other trends and policy developments shaping the sector. Data visualisations and other interactive tools Free and paid data sets from across the energy system Past, existing or planned government policies and measures Access every chart published across IEA reports and analysis World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Explore our other newsletters Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy List items:  Critical Minerals Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Investment Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  Nuclear IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  Energy Security European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print

---

The battery industry has entered a new phase  Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Important message for WDS users  Latest news, commentaries and reports  The world is moving at speed into the Age of Electricity  The links between energy, trade and manufacturing  Shaping a secure and sustainable energy future for all  The IEA is at the heart of the global dialogue on energy Electricity 2025 is out now The worlds consumption of electricity is forecast to rise at its fastest pace in recent years, growing at close to 4 annually through 2027 as power use climbs in a range of sectors across the economy. Our latest market analysis provides a deep and comprehensive look at the key drivers, as well as the other trends and policy developments shaping the sector.

Data visualisations and other interactive tools Free and paid data sets from across the energy system Past, existing or planned government policies and measures Access every chart published across IEA reports and analysis World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Explore our other newsletters Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy List items:  Critical Minerals Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Investment Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  Nuclear IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  Energy Security European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print

---

Important message for WDS users We work with a broad range of international organisations and forums to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems Our technology programme provides the basis for international public and private research partnerships We help ensure a quick and effective response to energy supply disruptions through emergency response measures and other mechanisms We carry out training activities around the world on energy statistics, modelling, technology, energy efficiency and policies for clean energy transitions Executive Director Executive Director As the Executive Director of the International Energy Agency, Dr Fatih Birol (fbirol) has moved the Agency to the forefront of global efforts to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems. After taking office, Dr Birol led the IEA in its first comprehensive modernisation programme since its creation in 1974. These efforts focused on broadening the IEAs energy security focus beyond oil to also cover electricity, natural gas, renewables and critical minerals; making the IEA the global hub for energy efficiency and advanced energy technologies; and opening the doors of the IEA to major emerging economies.

With new governments joining the IEA Family under his tenure, its share of global energy demand has risen from 40 to almost 80. Dr Birol took up his position after rising through the ranks of the IEA over two decades. He has been named in the TIME100, TIME's annual list of the world's most influential people. He has also been named by Forbes as one of the most influential people in the world of energy and by the Financial Times as the Energy Personality of the Year.

Dr Birol has received the highest civilian awards from numerous countries around the world for his work on energy economics and related issues. He chairs the World Economic Forums (Davos) Energy Advisory Board. Before the IEA, Dr Birol worked at the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). He earned a BSc degree in power engineering from the Technical University of Istanbul and received an MSc and PhD in energy economics from the Technical University of Vienna.

He is an honorary life member of Galatasaray Football Club. Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Mary Warlick (AmbMaryWarlick), a retired senior career diplomat and former U.S. ambassador to Serbia, led the State Departments Bureau of Energy Resources as the Acting Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs from January  September 2017 and served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary from 2014 to 2017. In these roles, she advised the Secretary of State on energy diplomacy initiatives to promote global energy security, energy access and governance across Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. During this time, she served for three years as a U.S. representative on the IEA Governing Board and as Chair of the Standing Group on Long-Term Cooperation. Since then, she has served as team leader for the IEAs recent in-depth peer reviews of the energy policies in the Netherlands and Canada.

During her diplomatic career, Ms. Warlick held a variety of other senior leadership positions in Washington and overseas at the Department of State, the National Security Council, and the Department of Defense. In particular, she has extensive foreign policy experience working on Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, including previous assignments as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Russia, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, and Director of the State Departments Office of Russian Affairs and the Office of Ukraine, Moldova and Belarus Affairs. She also served as Minister-Counselor for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow and as U.S. Consul General in Melbourne, Australia, with earlier assignments in Germany, the Philippines, and Bangladesh. Ms. Warlick holds a B.A.

in Political Science from Valparaiso University in Indiana, and an M.A in Law and Diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy. In addition to her prior service on the IEA Governing Board, she served previously on the board of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative. She is a recipient of The Secretary of States Career Achievement Award, The Secretary of States Award for Public Outreach, and The Office of the Secretary of Defense Medal for Exceptional Public Service. Director, Energy Markets and Security Director, Energy Markets and Security Keisuke Sadamori took up his duties as Director of the Office for Energy Markets and Security at the International Energy Agency in October 2012.

Previously, he held the post of Deputy Director General for Policy Co-ordination at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in Japan. He had been involved with the IEA for a number of years as IEA Governing Board Representative for Japan and as Co-Chair of the Standing Group on Long Term Co-operation. Over the years, Mr Sadamori has served in the Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Japan and has co-ordinated numerous important projects, including work following the Fukushima-Daiichi accident in March 2011. Chief Management Officer Chief Management Officer Claire Bouteille joined the IEA as Chief Management Officer in May 2013.

As head of the Office of Management and Administration (OMA), she has overall responsibility for the Finance Unit, the Information Systems Unit, the Building and Operations Unit, and Human Resource issues. She was formerly the Head of Corporate Services at the British Embassy Paris, Foreign and Commonwealth Office, with direct responsibility for the leadership and management of that section, and responsibility for human resources, finance and budget management, information technology, communications, security, transport and logistics, and the bilateral Ambassador's Residence. Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Laura Cozzi (Laura_Cozzi_) was appointed the International Energy Agencys Director of Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks in 2023. She leads and co-ordinates the IEAs work on energy sustainability, encompassing energy technology policy and climate change.

She is also the Agencys Chief Energy Modeller and in this capacity co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEAs flagship publication series. Ms Cozzi joined the IEA in 1999 as a junior analyst in the World Energy Outlook team. She has co-led many editions of the Outlook and led multiple special reports.

Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Cozzi worked for the Italian energy company ENI S.p.A. She holds a Masters degree in Environmental Engineering from Polytechnic Milan and a Masters degree in Energy and Environmental Economics from Eni Corporate University. Ms Cozzi has been awarded Cavaliere dellordine del merito della repubblica italiana in 2025. She has also been elected to the National Academy of Technologies of France as a member, and she has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate degree from Swedens KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2024.

Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Dan Dorner took up his duties as Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office at the International Energy Agency in December 2022. Previously, he was Head of Secretariat for the Clean Energy Ministerial (CEM), a global forum tasked with accelerating clean energy transitions. Mr Dorners involvement with the IEA goes back more than a decade, having worked as a lead author for the Agencys flagship World Energy Outlook report and serving as the Executive Directors Sherpa to the United Nations.

Over the years, he has also held a variety of positions in the British government, serving as the UKs Head of International Energy and as a senior adviser and analyst at the Treasury Department. Chief Energy Economist Chief Energy Economist Tim Gould was appointed the Agency's Chief Energy Economist in 2021. As Chief Energy Economist, he provides strategic advice on energy economics across a wide range of IEA activities and analysis.

Mr Gould is also Head of the Office of the Chief Energy Economist, in which capacity he co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEA's flagship publication series, and oversees the Agency's work on investment and finance, including the World Energy Investment report. Mr Gould joined the IEA in 2008, initially as a specialist on Russian and Caspian energy, and in recent years has designed and directed a wide range of IEA analytical outputs, while continuing to contribute also as an author. Prior to joining the IEA, Mr Gould worked on European and Eurasian energy issues in Brussels and has ten years of experience in Eastern Europe, primarily in Ukraine. He graduated from Oxford University and has a post-graduate diploma from the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University.

Chief Statistician Chief Statistician Nick Johnstone took up his duties as Chief Statistician and Head of the Energy Data Centre in February 2019. Previously he provided support to the work of the Committee on Industry, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) in the Directorate for Science, Technology and Innovation at the OECD. He began his career at the OECD 1999, taking up the position of Head of the Empirical Policy Analysis Unit in the Environment Directorate.

He previously held positions as a Research Associate at the International Institute for Environment and Development, and as a Research Officer at the Department of Applied Economics of the University of Cambridge. He holds a PhD in Economics from the University of Cambridge (UK), and has published widely in leading journals in the areas of energy, innovation, and environmental economics. Chief Legal Counsel Chief Legal Counsel Pascal Laffont took up his duties as Chief Legal Counsel and Secretary to the IEA Governing Board, in June 2012. His previous post was in Doha for the Government of Qatar (2010-2012).

Before that, he served in the Energy Charter, Brussels (2001-2010). He started his professional life in legal private practice in London and Hong Kong (1996-2001). He qualified as a lawyer in France and England and is admitted to practise law in England and Hong Kong. Pascal Laffont is a Senior Executive Fellow, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.

Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Sue-Ern Tan is the Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre established in Singapore at the end of 2024. The Office is the first outside of the IEAs Paris headquarters in its 50-year history and will provide policy guidance, technical assistance, training and capacity building across areas such as scaling-up the deployment of renewables and other clean energy technologies, increasing cross-border power trade, and improving access to finance for clean energy investment. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Tan worked at Shell plc in senior climate and energy roles at Shells headquarters in London and The Hague and most recently in Singapore as the Head of Policy and Advocacy. Ms Tan practiced as a lawyer, worked as Ministerial adviser on energy in the Australian Government and was the Deputy CEO of a minerals trade association in Australia.

She graduated from University of New South Wales in Australia with a Commerce and Law Degree and is an Eisenhower Fellow representing Australia in the 2017 International Program. Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy Browse current openings Learn about internships We work with a broad range of international organisations and forums to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems Our technology programme provides the basis for international public and private research partnerships We help ensure a quick and effective response to energy supply disruptions through emergency response measures and other mechanisms We carry out training activities around the world on energy statistics, modelling, technology, energy efficiency and policies for clean energy transitions Executive Director Executive Director As the Executive Director of the International Energy Agency, Dr Fatih Birol (fbirol) has moved the Agency to the forefront of global efforts to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems. After taking office, Dr Birol led the IEA in its first comprehensive modernisation programme since its creation in 1974. These efforts focused on broadening the IEAs energy security focus beyond oil to also cover electricity, natural gas, renewables and critical minerals; making the IEA the global hub for energy efficiency and advanced energy technologies; and opening the doors of the IEA to major emerging economies.

With new governments joining the IEA Family under his tenure, its share of global energy demand has risen from 40 to almost 80. Dr Birol took up his position after rising through the ranks of the IEA over two decades. He has been named in the TIME100, TIME's annual list of the world's most influential people. He has also been named by Forbes as one of the most influential people in the world of energy and by the Financial Times as the Energy Personality of the Year.

Dr Birol has received the highest civilian awards from numerous countries around the world for his work on energy economics and related issues. He chairs the World Economic Forums (Davos) Energy Advisory Board. Before the IEA, Dr Birol worked at the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).

He earned a BSc degree in power engineering from the Technical University of Istanbul and received an MSc and PhD in energy economics from the Technical University of Vienna. He is an honorary life member of Galatasaray Football Club. Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Mary Warlick (AmbMaryWarlick), a retired senior career diplomat and former U.S. ambassador to Serbia, led the State Departments Bureau of Energy Resources as the Acting Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs from January  September 2017 and served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary from 2014 to 2017. In these roles, she advised the Secretary of State on energy diplomacy initiatives to promote global energy security, energy access and governance across Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. During this time, she served for three years as a U.S. representative on the IEA Governing Board and as Chair of the Standing Group on Long-Term Cooperation.

Since then, she has served as team leader for the IEAs recent in-depth peer reviews of the energy policies in the Netherlands and Canada. During her diplomatic career, Ms. Warlick held a variety of other senior leadership positions in Washington and overseas at the Department of State, the National Security Council, and the Department of Defense. In particular, she has extensive foreign policy experience working on Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, including previous assignments as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Russia, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, and Director of the State Departments Office of Russian Affairs and the Office of Ukraine, Moldova and Belarus Affairs. She also served as Minister-Counselor for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow and as U.S. Consul General in Melbourne, Australia, with earlier assignments in Germany, the Philippines, and Bangladesh.

Ms. Warlick holds a B.A. in Political Science from Valparaiso University in Indiana, and an M.A in Law and Diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy. In addition to her prior service on the IEA Governing Board, she served previously on the board of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative.

She is a recipient of The Secretary of States Career Achievement Award, The Secretary of States Award for Public Outreach, and The Office of the Secretary of Defense Medal for Exceptional Public Service. Director, Energy Markets and Security Director, Energy Markets and Security Keisuke Sadamori took up his duties as Director of the Office for Energy Markets and Security at the International Energy Agency in October 2012. Previously, he held the post of Deputy Director General for Policy Co-ordination at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in Japan.

He had been involved with the IEA for a number of years as IEA Governing Board Representative for Japan and as Co-Chair of the Standing Group on Long Term Co-operation. Over the years, Mr Sadamori has served in the Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Japan and has co-ordinated numerous important projects, including work following the Fukushima-Daiichi accident in March 2011. Chief Management Officer Chief Management Officer Claire Bouteille joined the IEA as Chief Management Officer in May 2013.

As head of the Office of Management and Administration (OMA), she has overall responsibility for the Finance Unit, the Information Systems Unit, the Building and Operations Unit, and Human Resource issues. She was formerly the Head of Corporate Services at the British Embassy Paris, Foreign and Commonwealth Office, with direct responsibility for the leadership and management of that section, and responsibility for human resources, finance and budget management, information technology, communications, security, transport and logistics, and the bilateral Ambassador's Residence. Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Laura Cozzi (Laura_Cozzi_) was appointed the International Energy Agencys Director of Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks in 2023. She leads and co-ordinates the IEAs work on energy sustainability, encompassing energy technology policy and climate change. She is also the Agencys Chief Energy Modeller and in this capacity co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEAs flagship publication series.

Ms Cozzi joined the IEA in 1999 as a junior analyst in the World Energy Outlook team. She has co-led many editions of the Outlook and led multiple special reports. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Cozzi worked for the Italian energy company ENI S.p.A. She holds a Masters degree in Environmental Engineering from Polytechnic Milan and a Masters degree in Energy and Environmental Economics from Eni Corporate University. Ms Cozzi has been awarded Cavaliere dellordine del merito della repubblica italiana in 2025.

She has also been elected to the National Academy of Technologies of France as a member, and she has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate degree from Swedens KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2024. Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Dan Dorner took up his duties as Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office at the International Energy Agency in December 2022. Previously, he was Head of Secretariat for the Clean Energy Ministerial (CEM), a global forum tasked with accelerating clean energy transitions. Mr Dorners involvement with the IEA goes back more than a decade, having worked as a lead author for the Agencys flagship World Energy Outlook report and serving as the Executive Directors Sherpa to the United Nations.

Over the years, he has also held a variety of positions in the British government, serving as the UKs Head of International Energy and as a senior adviser and analyst at the Treasury Department. Chief Energy Economist Chief Energy Economist Tim Gould was appointed the Agency's Chief Energy Economist in 2021. As Chief Energy Economist, he provides strategic advice on energy economics across a wide range of IEA activities and analysis. Mr Gould is also Head of the Office of the Chief Energy Economist, in which capacity he co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEA's flagship publication series, and oversees the Agency's work on investment and finance, including the World Energy Investment report. Mr Gould joined the IEA in 2008, initially as a specialist on Russian and Caspian energy, and in recent years has designed and directed a wide range of IEA analytical outputs, while continuing to contribute also as an author.

Prior to joining the IEA, Mr Gould worked on European and Eurasian energy issues in Brussels and has ten years of experience in Eastern Europe, primarily in Ukraine. He graduated from Oxford University and has a post-graduate diploma from the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University. Chief Statistician Chief Statistician Nick Johnstone took up his duties as Chief Statistician and Head of the Energy Data Centre in February 2019. Previously he provided support to the work of the Committee on Industry, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) in the Directorate for Science, Technology and Innovation at the OECD.

He began his career at the OECD 1999, taking up the position of Head of the Empirical Policy Analysis Unit in the Environment Directorate. He previously held positions as a Research Associate at the International Institute for Environment and Development, and as a Research Officer at the Department of Applied Economics of the University of Cambridge. He holds a PhD in Economics from the University of Cambridge (UK), and has published widely in leading journals in the areas of energy, innovation, and environmental economics.

Chief Legal Counsel Chief Legal Counsel Pascal Laffont took up his duties as Chief Legal Counsel and Secretary to the IEA Governing Board, in June 2012. His previous post was in Doha for the Government of Qatar (2010-2012). Before that, he served in the Energy Charter, Brussels (2001-2010). He started his professional life in legal private practice in London and Hong Kong (1996-2001).

He qualified as a lawyer in France and England and is admitted to practise law in England and Hong Kong. Pascal Laffont is a Senior Executive Fellow, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University. Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Sue-Ern Tan is the Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre established in Singapore at the end of 2024.

The Office is the first outside of the IEAs Paris headquarters in its 50-year history and will provide policy guidance, technical assistance, training and capacity building across areas such as scaling-up the deployment of renewables and other clean energy technologies, increasing cross-border power trade, and improving access to finance for clean energy investment. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Tan worked at Shell plc in senior climate and energy roles at Shells headquarters in London and The Hague and most recently in Singapore as the Head of Policy and Advocacy. Ms Tan practiced as a lawyer, worked as Ministerial adviser on energy in the Australian Government and was the Deputy CEO of a minerals trade association in Australia.

She graduated from University of New South Wales in Australia with a Commerce and Law Degree and is an Eisenhower Fellow representing Australia in the 2017 International Program. Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy Browse current openings Learn about internships List items:  75 of global energy consumption  64.4 of global energy production  77 of global CO2 emissions  87 of global clean energy investment

====================

Featured  Must View  DISTRIBUTECH 2025  Renewables  Hydropower  Power Grid  Webinars  The first Made in America solar module supply chain has been established, but killing the CHIPS Act would break it  How one of the largest utilities is integrating renewables and implementing new grid tech in Florida and beyond  A really dumb idea: Trump tariffs threaten the grid as Ontario Premier reaffirms promise to cut off electricity to the US  How artificial intelligence can transform transmission and distribution  Latest Headlines  How the solar power industry is rebranding to meet an energy dominance edict  This Week in Cleantech  White House targets environmental permitting rules  This Week in Cleantech  March 24-27, 2025  Dallas, Texas  With Texas facing soaring electricity demand, the politics of energy quietly shift at the Capitol  Welcome to the Silicon Jungle: How Costa Rica could wean the U.S. off Taiwanese semiconductors  Sunset for Sunnova? Leading residential solar and storage company casts doubt on its ability to survive  Many believe Maines net energy billing needs reform, but diverge on whether to tweak or toss  Alabamas first BESS to be built at legacy coal plant site  Canadian electricity company to refurbish and expand hydro stations across Northern Ontario  Iberdrola Espaa commissions first pumping station at Valdecaas pumped-storage project in Spain  Scatec completes sale of its African hydropower assets to TotalEnergies for 167M  Eco Wave Power makes critical infrastructure enhancements at Portugal project site  SSE to repower 45MW Lochay Hydro Power Station  Los Angeles County sues Southern California Edison, alleging utilitys equipment sparked wildfire  National Grids Manuel Saadallah on integrating renewables and modern grid challenges  Utilities may soon pay you to help support a greener grid  With electricity price spikes coming to Illinois, environmental and industry groups pitch reform  Southern California Edisons Jerome Marr on longterm distribution planning and modern grid challenges  How Alectra Energy Solutions and Caterpillar helped a Large Manufacturer Solve Their Rising Energy Costs Through Assets, Technology and Financial Structuring. Modern Grid Operations Dependence on Advanced Planning  Realizing autonomous energy systems with generative AI Tackling an increasingly complex energy grid with minimal human intervention

---

Events  DISTRIBUTECH 2025  Dallas, TX, USA  Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center  How Alectra Energy Solutions and Caterpillar helped a Large Manufacturer Solve Their Rising Energy Costs Through Assets, Technology and Financial Structuring. Modern Grid Operations Dependence on Advanced Planning  Realizing autonomous energy systems with generative AI Tackling an increasingly complex energy grid with minimal human intervention  DTECH  Data Centers and AI  San Jose, CA  DTECH  Data Centers and AI  San Jose, CA  DTECH  Data Centers and AI  San Jose, CA  DTECH Midwest  Minneapolis, MN  DTECH Northeast  Boston, MA Home  Events The Events section of Factor This provides a comprehensive calendar of upcoming renewable energy conferences, workshops, and seminars worldwide.

Professionals and enthusiasts can explore events focusing on solar power, wind []

---

Webinars  How Alectra Energy Solutions and Caterpillar helped a Large Manufacturer Solve Their Rising Energy Costs Through Assets, Technology and Financial Structuring. Designing a utility battery storage playbook  Can these policies change transmissions trajectory? Threat or opportunity?

How utilities view surging data center growth  How utilities are utilizing AI to prevent wildfires  Digital Integration for Grid Interconnection Tools, Analysis, and Logic  Beyond ProcessBook and PI Vision: Exploring Todays Industrial Analytics Alternatives  Simplifying measurement in RNG production  Monitor biogas process with ease and affordability  Moving to renewables: Planning your foundational network Home  Webinars The Webinars section of Factor This offers a diverse range of live and on-demand webinars focusing on critical topics in the renewable energy sector. These sessions provide industry professionals and []