Highlights  Our impact in stories  We focus on issues that unlock progress on gender equality. Our impact in numbers  571,000  101,000  98,700  Please donate today to protect and support women and their families in the Gaza crisis  International Womens Day 2025  Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights  Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash  Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now  Womens rights then and now: We should bring back hope. For ALL Women and Girls: Robie Halip on Indigenous leadership in renewable energy transition  One in four countries report backlash on womens rights in 2024  UN Women highlights 20232024  Breaking tradition to end child marriage in Pakistans remote villages  Navigating war, birth, and hope in Sudan  We deserve to be safe  With better access to gender-based violence services, women in the Solomon Islands are speaking up  Leadership and political participation  Economic empowerment  Ending violence against women  Peace and security  Humanitarian action  Governance and national planning  Youth  Women and girls with disabilities  Sustainable development  HIV and AIDS UN Women is the UN organization delivering programmes, policies and standards that uphold womens human rights and ensure that every woman and girl lives up to her full potential. UN commemoration of International Womens Day, 7 March 2025, 1011.30am EST women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support.

womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. UN Women has been supporting Palestinian women since 1997 to achieve their social, economic, and political rights.

We remain present on the ground to provide support and assistance and will do so for as long as it takes. UN Women is the UN organization delivering programmes, policies and standards that uphold womens human rights and ensure that every woman and girl lives up to her full potential. UN commemoration of International Womens Day, 7 March 2025, 1011.30am EST women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support.

womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. UN Women has been supporting Palestinian women since 1997 to achieve their social, economic, and political rights. We remain present on the ground to provide support and assistance and will do so for as long as it takes.

women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support. womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. UN Women has been supporting Palestinian women since 1997 to achieve their social, economic, and political rights.

We remain present on the ground to provide support and assistance and will do so for as long as it takes. List items:  Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash  Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now  Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights  Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights 25 February 2025 Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights  Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash 18 February 2025 Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash  Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now 25 February 2025 Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now  Womens rights then and now: We should bring back hope. 24 February 2025 Womens rights then and now: We should bring back hope. For ALL Women and Girls: Robie Halip on Indigenous leadership in renewable energy transition 24 February 2025 For ALL Women and Girls: Robie Halip on Indigenous leadership in renewable energy transition  One in four countries report backlash on womens rights in 2024 6 March 2025 One in four countries report backlash on womens rights in 2024  Image Leadership and political participation Leadership and political participation  Image Economic empowerment Economic empowerment  Image Ending violence against women Ending violence against women  Image Peace and security Peace and security  Image Humanitarian action Humanitarian action  Image Governance and national planning Governance and national planning  Image Youth Youth and gender equality  Image Women and girls with disabilities Women and girls with disabilities  Image Sustainable development Sustainable development  Image HIV and AIDS HIV and AIDS  571,000 women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support.

101,000 womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. 98,700 gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. Share to Facebook  Share to Twitter  Share to LinkedIn  Share to E-mail

---

Highlights  Our impact in stories  We focus on issues that unlock progress on gender equality. Our impact in numbers  571,000  101,000  98,700  Please donate today to protect and support women and their families in the Gaza crisis  International Womens Day 2025  Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights  Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash  Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now  Womens rights then and now: We should bring back hope. For ALL Women and Girls: Robie Halip on Indigenous leadership in renewable energy transition  One in four countries report backlash on womens rights in 2024  UN Women highlights 20232024  Breaking tradition to end child marriage in Pakistans remote villages  Navigating war, birth, and hope in Sudan  We deserve to be safe  With better access to gender-based violence services, women in the Solomon Islands are speaking up  Leadership and political participation  Economic empowerment  Ending violence against women  Peace and security  Humanitarian action  Governance and national planning  Youth  Women and girls with disabilities  Sustainable development  HIV and AIDS UN Women is the UN organization delivering programmes, policies and standards that uphold womens human rights and ensure that every woman and girl lives up to her full potential.

UN commemoration of International Womens Day, 7 March 2025, 1011.30am EST women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support. womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. UN Women has been supporting Palestinian women since 1997 to achieve their social, economic, and political rights.

We remain present on the ground to provide support and assistance and will do so for as long as it takes. UN Women is the UN organization delivering programmes, policies and standards that uphold womens human rights and ensure that every woman and girl lives up to her full potential. UN commemoration of International Womens Day, 7 March 2025, 1011.30am EST women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support.

womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. UN Women has been supporting Palestinian women since 1997 to achieve their social, economic, and political rights.

We remain present on the ground to provide support and assistance and will do so for as long as it takes. women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support. womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services.

UN Women has been supporting Palestinian women since 1997 to achieve their social, economic, and political rights. We remain present on the ground to provide support and assistance and will do so for as long as it takes. List items:  Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash  Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now  Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights  Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights 25 February 2025 Never backing down: Women march forward for equal rights  Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash 18 February 2025 Womens rights in 2025: Hope, resilience, and the fight against backlash  Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now 25 February 2025 Make 2025 count for feminism: What you can do right now  Womens rights then and now: We should bring back hope. 24 February 2025 Womens rights then and now: We should bring back hope.

For ALL Women and Girls: Robie Halip on Indigenous leadership in renewable energy transition 24 February 2025 For ALL Women and Girls: Robie Halip on Indigenous leadership in renewable energy transition  One in four countries report backlash on womens rights in 2024 6 March 2025 One in four countries report backlash on womens rights in 2024  Image Leadership and political participation Leadership and political participation  Image Economic empowerment Economic empowerment  Image Ending violence against women Ending violence against women  Image Peace and security Peace and security  Image Humanitarian action Humanitarian action  Image Governance and national planning Governance and national planning  Image Youth Youth and gender equality  Image Women and girls with disabilities Women and girls with disabilities  Image Sustainable development Sustainable development  Image HIV and AIDS HIV and AIDS  571,000 women and girls received lifesaving humanitarian support. 101,000 womens organizations supported to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. 98,700 gender-based violence survivors accessed justice and recovery services. Share to Facebook  Share to Twitter  Share to LinkedIn  Share to E-mail

====================

WE FUNDBOLD, FEMINISTMOVEMENTS  EST. 1987 WE FUNDBOLD, FEMINISTMOVEMENTS Global Fund for Women supports gender justice movements to create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes.

Join Us  FEATURED CHANGEMAKERS  LATEST NEWS  Make an impact  Share  Funding feminist movements to fight corruption  What is a movement? [Infographic]  Feminist Leaders Call to StopTheMassacre in Palestine  What is the impact of the Generation Equality for Feminist Movements? Global Fund for Women supports gender justice movements to create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes.

Who we are A feminist fund with an intersectional lens Learn More What we do Grantmaking and advocacy to challenge the status quo Learn More How we work Support for grassroots movements to lead the way Learn More We envision a world where movements have transformed power and privilege for a few into equity and equality for all. Our movement-led approach embodies a new kind of philanthropy that shifts power into the hands of those working at the frontlines of gender justice. Learn more about our approach Learn more about feminist leaders making a difference. ---

Who We Are Feminist funder for Nearly 40 Years  BOLD, COLLABORATIVE CURIOUS  AUTHENTIC  84  79  Make an impact  Share We offer flexible feminist funding and support to fuel collective action and create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes Our Mission  History Global Fund for Women envisions a world where movements for gender justice have transformed power and privilege for a few into equity and equality for all.

We were founded nearly 40 years ago to fill a critical gap in funding for local feminist organizations. Today, we are the leading funder of gender justice organizations, initiatives and movements worldwide. Learn more Our Values Our values, rooted in feminist funding principles, guide every interaction we have with our partners, donors, community members, and colleagues.

Learn more Our Impact Investing in grassroots movements for gender justice is one of the most effective ways to create and sustain long-term social transformation. We ensure that every dollar we receive is used to make a lasting impact. Learn more of grants awarded to groups in repressive societies. We focus our work in countries where civil society is closed, repressed, or obstructed by governments.

of program funding is multi-year. Longer-term support allows groups to plan ahead and stay agile. About Our Team We are a diverse team of dedicated individuals who work tirelessly to fund and strengthen bold, ambitious gender justice movements.

Meet our staff, board members, and advisors. ---

Our Vision  Mission  Our Vision  Our Mission  Our Values  Our History  Our Leaders  Make an impact  Share We envision a world where movements for gender justice have transformed power and privilege for a few into equity and equality for all. We fund bold, ambitious, and expansive gender justice movements to create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes.

Our values guide every decision we make and every interaction we have with our partners, donors, supporters and colleagues. We are: BOLD We are willing to take risks and be creative and imaginative. COLLABORATIVE We make progress together, not alone. We seek to build trust, solidarity, and partnership with those who share our beliefs. CURIOUS We seek out new ideas and diverse perspectives.

We are transparent, welcoming, and passionate about learning and improving. AUTHENTIC Our work is rooted in principles and in our commitment and connection to womens movements around the world. Global Fund for Women was founded in 1987 in Palo Alto, California, by four bold women: Anne Firth Murray, Frances Kissling, Laura Lederer, and Nita Barrow. They were convinced that womens human rights were essential to social, economic, and political change around the world, for the benefit of us all. Frustrated by a lack of interest in funding womens human rights, they founded an organization to fund grass-roots women-led movements directly.

Our founders knew that trusting local partners to drive solutions in their own communities would lead to meaningful, lasting change. They were right. Over the course of nearly 40 years, Global Fund for Women has supported feminist movements and grassroots organizers to end civil wars, get female Presidents elected, and secure laws giving new protection to millions. Today, building on historic wins and the latest research, we are doubling down on supporting movements. By shifting towards a movement-led approach, Global Fund for Women will harness and fuel rising people-power globally to increase their impact and accelerate change.

President  CEO PeiYao Chen became President and CEO of Global Fund for Women in January 2024. Founding member Anne Firth Murray served as our Founding President from 1986 to 1996. Anne established Global Fund for Women as a leader in womens rights funding and expertise. Kavita Ramdas became CEO in 1996, serving until 2010.

Under Kavitas leadership, Global Fund for Women experienced unprecedented growth, with assets increasing from 6 million to 21 million. Her powerful advocacy and thought leadership won hearts and minds, and mobilized resources and attention for women's rights. Musimbi Kanyoro joined the organization in 2011, serving as President and CEO until 2019. Under her leadership, Global Fund for Women celebrated a major milestone  surpassing 140 million in total grantmaking.

Musimbi focused the organizations program areas and added more comprehensive learning, monitoring, and evaluation. Latanya Mapp Frett served as Global Fund for Women as President and CEO from July 2019 until 2023. Under Latanyas leadership, the organization underwent a bold strategic shift to support gender justice movements. During her tenure, Latanya oversaw our largest grantmaking year ever; supported the growth of the organizations fiscal sponsorship work to support Black-women-led organizations; and authored the book The Everyday Feminist: The Key to Sustainable Social Impact-Driving Movements We Need Now More than Ever.

In March 2014, Global Fund for Women and the International Museum of Women (IMOW) merged. The merger brought together Global Fund for Women's powerful grantmaking and advocacy expertise with IMOW's skills in awareness raising, online campaigns, and digital storytelling. IMOW was founded in 1997, led by Founding President Elizabeth Colton, and evolved into an innovative online museum inspiring creativity, awareness, and action on vital global issues for women. Elizabeth joins the lineage of founders of the merged organization. ====================

Women Deliver 2026 Conference (WD2026)  Meet the First Cohort of the Emerging Leaders for Change Program  Get to KnowWomen Deliver  How We Work  Our Mission  What We Work On  News  Updates  Emerging Leaders for Change  Collective Action for Change  Convenings for Change  Sign Up for the Newsletter Women Deliver is thrilled to announce that the Women Deliver 2026 Conference will be hosted by the Oceanic Pacific region from April 27-30, 2026, in Narrm (Melbourne), Australia.

30 young advocates, aged 15-29, from East Africa will participate in a two-year leadership program featuring customized resources, platforms, connections, and training to drive gender equality in their communities. Were a global advocacy organization guided by one end result: that every girl and woman exercises her rights to full bodily autonomy and health. We advance the health and rights of adolescent girls by creating spaces for collective action, championing and supporting youth advocacy, and convening likeminded organizations. In everything we do, we aim to shift power into the hands of those closest to and living the challenges that girls face. Our mission is to ensure that every girl and every woman has control over her body and her life.

We do this by focusing on securing and advancing the sexual and reproductive health and rights (SRHR) of girls during adolescence as a critical period that impacts the course of their lives. "" indicates required fields

---

Learn more about Women Deliver below. Financials Our History Our Strategic Framework Our Vision And Mission Team Board Our Supporters Annual Reports Careers Our Policies List items:  Financials  Our History  Our Strategic Framework  Our Vision And Mission  Partnership Approach  Team  Board  Our Supporters  Annual Reports  Careers  Our Policies

---

Paleni Amulungu Camila Picardo Barrientos Eleanor Blomstrom Paola Salwan Daher Zanda Desir Rachel Elliott Julia Fan Gretchen Gasteier Andrea Gorson Darcy Allen De Gracia Mónica de Pinto Ribeiro Hancke Kinza Hasan Laura Haylock Maliha Khan Kim Lufkin Scarlet Macas Nicholas Maistros Gaitano Ndalo Christabel Netondo Roger Pagano Lo Riches Chris Sluter Samson Tesfaye Suad Yusuf Gerson Zayas List items:  Financials  Our History  Our Strategic Framework  Our Vision And Mission  Partnership Approach  Team  Board  Our Supporters  Annual Reports  Careers  Our Policies