WE FUNDBOLD, FEMINISTMOVEMENTS  EST. 1987 WE FUNDBOLD, FEMINISTMOVEMENTS Global Fund for Women supports gender justice movements to create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes. Join Us  FEATURED CHANGEMAKERS  LATEST NEWS  Make an impact  Share  Funding feminist movements to fight corruption  What is a movement? [Infographic]  Feminist Leaders Call to StopTheMassacre in Palestine  What is the impact of the Generation Equality for Feminist Movements?

Global Fund for Women supports gender justice movements to create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes. Who we are A feminist fund with an intersectional lens Learn More What we do Grantmaking and advocacy to challenge the status quo Learn More How we work Support for grassroots movements to lead the way Learn More We envision a world where movements have transformed power and privilege for a few into equity and equality for all. Our movement-led approach embodies a new kind of philanthropy that shifts power into the hands of those working at the frontlines of gender justice.

Learn more about our approach Learn more about feminist leaders making a difference. ---

Who We Are Feminist funder for Nearly 40 Years  BOLD, COLLABORATIVE CURIOUS  AUTHENTIC  84  79  Make an impact  Share We offer flexible feminist funding and support to fuel collective action and create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes Our Mission  History Global Fund for Women envisions a world where movements for gender justice have transformed power and privilege for a few into equity and equality for all. We were founded nearly 40 years ago to fill a critical gap in funding for local feminist organizations.

Today, we are the leading funder of gender justice organizations, initiatives and movements worldwide. Learn more Our Values Our values, rooted in feminist funding principles, guide every interaction we have with our partners, donors, community members, and colleagues. Learn more Our Impact Investing in grassroots movements for gender justice is one of the most effective ways to create and sustain long-term social transformation. We ensure that every dollar we receive is used to make a lasting impact. Learn more of grants awarded to groups in repressive societies.

We focus our work in countries where civil society is closed, repressed, or obstructed by governments. of program funding is multi-year. Longer-term support allows groups to plan ahead and stay agile.

About Our Team We are a diverse team of dedicated individuals who work tirelessly to fund and strengthen bold, ambitious gender justice movements. Meet our staff, board members, and advisors. ---

Our Vision  Mission  Our Vision  Our Mission  Our Values  Our History  Our Leaders  Make an impact  Share We envision a world where movements for gender justice have transformed power and privilege for a few into equity and equality for all.

We fund bold, ambitious, and expansive gender justice movements to create meaningful change that will last beyond our lifetimes. Our values guide every decision we make and every interaction we have with our partners, donors, supporters and colleagues. We are: BOLD We are willing to take risks and be creative and imaginative. COLLABORATIVE We make progress together, not alone.

We seek to build trust, solidarity, and partnership with those who share our beliefs. CURIOUS We seek out new ideas and diverse perspectives. We are transparent, welcoming, and passionate about learning and improving. AUTHENTIC Our work is rooted in principles and in our commitment and connection to womens movements around the world. Global Fund for Women was founded in 1987 in Palo Alto, California, by four bold women: Anne Firth Murray, Frances Kissling, Laura Lederer, and Nita Barrow.

They were convinced that womens human rights were essential to social, economic, and political change around the world, for the benefit of us all. Frustrated by a lack of interest in funding womens human rights, they founded an organization to fund grass-roots women-led movements directly. Our founders knew that trusting local partners to drive solutions in their own communities would lead to meaningful, lasting change. They were right.

Over the course of nearly 40 years, Global Fund for Women has supported feminist movements and grassroots organizers to end civil wars, get female Presidents elected, and secure laws giving new protection to millions. Today, building on historic wins and the latest research, we are doubling down on supporting movements. By shifting towards a movement-led approach, Global Fund for Women will harness and fuel rising people-power globally to increase their impact and accelerate change. President  CEO PeiYao Chen became President and CEO of Global Fund for Women in January 2024.

Founding member Anne Firth Murray served as our Founding President from 1986 to 1996. Anne established Global Fund for Women as a leader in womens rights funding and expertise. Kavita Ramdas became CEO in 1996, serving until 2010.

Under Kavitas leadership, Global Fund for Women experienced unprecedented growth, with assets increasing from 6 million to 21 million. Her powerful advocacy and thought leadership won hearts and minds, and mobilized resources and attention for women's rights. Musimbi Kanyoro joined the organization in 2011, serving as President and CEO until 2019. Under her leadership, Global Fund for Women celebrated a major milestone  surpassing 140 million in total grantmaking.

Musimbi focused the organizations program areas and added more comprehensive learning, monitoring, and evaluation. Latanya Mapp Frett served as Global Fund for Women as President and CEO from July 2019 until 2023. Under Latanyas leadership, the organization underwent a bold strategic shift to support gender justice movements. During her tenure, Latanya oversaw our largest grantmaking year ever; supported the growth of the organizations fiscal sponsorship work to support Black-women-led organizations; and authored the book The Everyday Feminist: The Key to Sustainable Social Impact-Driving Movements We Need Now More than Ever.

In March 2014, Global Fund for Women and the International Museum of Women (IMOW) merged. The merger brought together Global Fund for Women's powerful grantmaking and advocacy expertise with IMOW's skills in awareness raising, online campaigns, and digital storytelling. IMOW was founded in 1997, led by Founding President Elizabeth Colton, and evolved into an innovative online museum inspiring creativity, awareness, and action on vital global issues for women. Elizabeth joins the lineage of founders of the merged organization.