Most Popular  Sign Up for Variety Newsletters  Latest News  Oscars  Sign up for Variety Breaking News Alerts  Reviews  Video  Jodie Foster  Robert Downey Jr. Actors on Actors (Full Conversation)  Featured Video  Jodie Foster  Robert Downey Jr. Actors on Actors (Full Conversation)  Netflix Buys Glen Powell, Anthony Mackie and Laura Dern Legal Drama Monsanto  VIP  What To Buy  Awards  TV  Film  Music  Theater  Artisans  Tech  Exposure  Politics  The Magazine  More From Our Brands  James Bond Shakeup  Remembering Gene Hackman  Oscar Recap  YouTube Turns 20  Biggest SXSW Premieres  Paramount Moves to Throw Out Trumps 60 Minutes Suit: An Affront to the First Amendment  Netflix Stock Slides Amid Analyst Forecast of Slowing Sub Growth, Broader Market Turmoil Over Trump Tariffs  S.W.A.T. Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem  CWs Powerpuff Girls Live-Action Footage Leaks: Bubbles Is Drunk, Buttercup Hates Gender Normative Costume and More From Canceled  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Inside Anoras Oscar Victory: How Scrappy Indie Neon Pulled Off Its Second Best Picture Win in 5 Years  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max' (EXCLUSIVE)  S.W.A.T. Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  With Love, Meghan Is a Montecito Ego Trip Not Worth Taking: TV Review  Oscars 2026: First Blind Predictions Including Timothée Chalamet, Emma Stone, Wicked: For Good and More  Robert Pattinson Cant Watch Horror Movies Anymore, Fell Asleep With Knives After One Scared Him: I Kept Thinking Someone Was Breaking In  Warner Bros. Moves to Throw Out Superman Suit Over Foreign Copyrights  Matt Lucas Apologizes to Millie Bobby Brown for Criticizing Her Appearance After Social Media Call Out: I Would Not Have Posted It if I Had Thought  Rebel Wilsons Bride Hard Sets Release Date, Reveals First Look  Its Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Lady Gaga Mayhem Vinyl Are Already Flying Off the Shelves  Captain America Sequel Anything but Brave New Era for Aging Marvel IP  David Oyelowo on How the Surrealist Family Comedy Government Cheese Stands Apart From Other 60s-Set Shows  Perfect Days Star Yakusho Koji to Receive Asian Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Honor  Global Bulletin  Emerald Fennells Wuthering Heights Find Its Young Heathcliff and Cathy in Adolescence Breakout Owen Cooper and Matilda Stage Star Charlotte Mellington (EXCLUSIVE)  Why Hollywood Is Still Struggling to Make the Most of Video Games  Parasite Studio CJ ENM Taps Industry Veteran Jung Hyun-joo to Head Film Division  NATO Behind-the-Scenes Doc Facing War Boarded by CatDocs: Its Like a Big Family and Most Families Are Dysfunctional, Director Says (EXCLUSIVE)  Oscars Ratings Suggest Awards Shows Are Not Long for TV  Ajay Devgn Launches Generative AI Storytelling Venture Prismix (EXCLUSIVE)  Coexistence, My Ass!

Shows an Israeli Comics Hilarious, Heartrending Fight for Middle East Peace: There Is Really No Other Alternative  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max (EXCLUSIVE)  CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Manson Documentary Gets Lost in the Fog of Conspiracy  Anora Leads With 5 Wins  Sean Baker Makes Oscars History With Four Wins for One Movie With Anora  Adrien Brody Wins Oscar, Throws Out His Gum and Tells the Academy to Cut the Music So He Can Finish Speech: Ive Done This Before  Zoe Saldaña Fights Tears During Oscar Win: I Am a Proud Child of Immigrant Parents and the First American of Dominican Descent  Kieran Culkin Wins Oscar and Reminds Wife of Her Promise About More Kids After the Emmys: She Said, I Will Give You Four When You Win an  Strictly Business  On Becoming a Guinea Fowl  Last Breath  Captain America: Brave New World  Interior Chinatown  Dune: Prophecy  Landman  'The Day of the Jackal  Hit Me Hard and Soft  Atavista  Dark Times  Radical Optimism  An Enemy of the People  Long Days Journey Into Night  Tommy  Water for Elephants  Why Hollywood Is Still Struggling to Make the Most of Video Games  Oscars Ratings Suggest Awards Shows Are Not Long for TV  The TikTok Rival That Won Most From Ban  Psst, Not RedNote  Consent  Content for AI Training: A Special Report  It's Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year  I Need Aimee Lou Woods Leopard Sunglasses in The White Lotus  How to Watch Best Picture Winner Anora Online  The J. Crew x New Yorker Collection Is a Bi-Coastal Elites Dream  The Brooch Was the Menswear Accessory of Choice at the Oscars  Oscars 2025 Winners: Anora Leads With 5 Wins Followed by The Brutalist With 3  Emmy Rule Changes Revealed by Television Academy: No Guest Star Double Dipping, and More Eligibility for Directors  Wickeds Paul Tazewell Makes Oscars History as First Black Man to Win Best Costume Design  Im Still Here Makes Oscar History as First Brazilian Film to Win International Feature Category  No Other Land Directors Use Oscar Speech to Call on World to Stop the Ethnic Cleansing of Palestinian People  The Traitors Finale: Britneys Shocking Vote Revealed, and Did Traitors or Faithfuls Win Season 3? S.W.A.T.

Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  ESPNs New Five-Year Deal With Stephen A. Smith Makes Him a 100 Million Man  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actor and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  Perfect Days Star Yakusho Koji to Receive Asian Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Honor  Global Bulletin  Emerald Fennells Wuthering Heights Find Its Young Heathcliff and Cathy in Adolescence Breakout Owen Cooper and Matilda Stage Star Charlotte  Parasite Studio CJ ENM Taps Industry Veteran Jung Hyun-joo to Head Film Division  NATO Behind-the-Scenes Doc 'Facing War' Boarded by Cats  Docs: It's Like a Big Family and Most Families Are Dysfunctional, Director Says  Ajay Devgn Launches Generative AI Storytelling Venture Prismix (EXCLUSIVE)  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Sean Diddy Combs Gets Hit With New Allegations of Forced Labor  Lady Gaga Would Like to Write a Broadway Musical: It Would Bring Me So Much Joy  King Charles Crafts Playlist With Apple Music as Kylie Minogue, Bob Marley and Raye Make Royal Cut  Music Industry Moves: Bad Bunnys Label Rimas Entertainment Acquires Stake in Dale Play Records  How Real Housewives of Atlanta Star Kandi Burruss Is Helping Make A New Broadway as a Producer  Dungeons  Dragons: The Twenty-Sided Tavern Sets Final New York Performances Before National Tour  The Hunger Games: On Stage Sets October Premiere in London  Adam Lambert on Playing the Emcee in Broadways Cabaret, and Why Its Anti-Fascist Themes Hit Even Harder Now Than When He Began the Run: Its  Patrick Wilson on 'Millers in Marriage' and Why Two 'Aquaman' Movies Were Enough: 'I Don't Know Where the Story Would Go'  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  Musicians Behind The Mandalorian and Jurassic World Launch New Trailer Music Agency: Master Works Alliance  Technicolor Bankruptcy: Gaming Unit Sold to TransPerfect; VFX and Animation Future Still Uncertain  The Leopard Production and Costume Designers on Balancing Reality and Decadence to Update the Sicilian Sagas Look for  Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  Studio71 Signs Strategic Distribution Partnership With Digital Creator The Mannii Show (EXCLUSIVE)  Brady Corbet Made Zero Dollars Directing The Brutalist  So He Directed These Commercials Next  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy and Turned From Hollywood Foe to Friend  YouTubes Super Creators: How MrBeast, Rhett  Link, Michelle Khare, Adam W and More Use the Platform to Power Their Businesses  Why YouTube Exited the Original Content Business: 'We Weren't Good at Picking Content'  Savannah Guthrie Is the Latest Celebrity With a Childrens Book  Mikey Madison and Adrien Brody Swarmed, Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Get Cozy and Zoe Saldaña Parties With Her Parents: Inside Vanity Fairs  H.E.R. Is Bummed Oscars Wont Include Performances of Best Original Song Nominees: Its Kind of Weird  Patrick Dempsey Explains Why Hes Not Returning for Scream 7 (EXCLUSIVE)  Women in Film CEO Kirsten Schaffer Urges the Need to Double Down on our Efforts for Inclusion  Trump Foresees A Little Disturbance as He Vows to Expand Trade War in Speech to Congress  John Oliver Sounds Off on Trump Calling Zelenskyy Not Grateful Enough for U.S. Support: Hes a President in the Middle of a War, Not a Toddler  Trump Says He Will Issue a Complete Pardon of Pete Rose  Paul Feig Donates 300,000 to Queer Youth Organizations as LGBTQ Rights Are Attacked Under Trump: 'I Can't Sit Idly By' (EXCLUSIVE)  Judge Refuses to Order AP Back Into White House Press Pool Amid Trump Spat Over Gulf of America  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy and Turned From Hollywood Foe to Friend  Tatum ONeal Is Still Here: The Oscar Winner on Surviving Addiction, a Stroke and Coming to Terms With Being Left Out of Her Fathers Will  How Greg Gutfeld Became the Bill Maher of Fox News  And Toppled Fallon and Colbert in the Ratings  Inside the Cable TV Hospice: Can NBCUniversals Divorce From MSNBC, Syfy, E! and More Prolong the Life of Once-Popular Channels? Jennifer Coolidge Has Really Missed Herself on The White Lotus  The Art Institute of Chicago Is Returning a Stolen Buddha to Nepal  UFL Champion Stallions Still Chasing Financial Wins  Forever 21 U.S.

Operator Readies Bankruptcy Filing, Preps New Operating Strategy  The Pitts Noah Wyle and Patrick Ball Unpack Episode 10s Big Langdon Reveal and Why It Hits Robby So Hard News and commentary on Amazon MGM's big move Latest updates and tributes for the Oscar-winning actor All the winners, fashion and speeches from the big night COVER STORY  How the video colossus launched the creator economy and turned from Hollywood foe to friend. 'Another Simple Favor,' 'The Threesome,' 'Ftoys,' 'The Age of Disclosure' and more will screen at SXSW. Paramount and CBS filed motions Thursday to throw out President Donald Trumps lawsuit over a 60 Minutes interview last year, calling the suit an affront to the First Shares of Netflix fell 8.5 Thursday as investors reacted to analyst projections for slowing subscriber growth after the streamers record gains last year on its CBS has canceled its long-running action drama S.W.A.T. after eight seasons and 163 episodes, the shows producers and stars were told on Thursday.

But this represents REVIEW  This is dance floor Gaga, free from the pretension that often casts a shadow on her catalog. She sounds like she's having fun, for the first time in a long time. 'Anora' won best picture, director, lead actress, original screenplay and editing. Baker ties Walt Disney for most Oscars won in a single night. A Variety and iHeartRadio Podcast In Rungano Nyoni's darkly transfixing drama, a group of young women, nursing the scars of sexual abuse, chafe against quiet complicity when their shared perpetrator drops dead.

Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a true-life undersea rescue thriller that takes you down and lifts you up. It recreates a saturation-diving accident with a specificity that's nearly journalistic. Anthony Mackie's slyly dogged Captain America has less superpower than his predecessor, and so does the film.

But it's just fun enough, as Harrison Ford plays a president with anger-management issues. 'Interior Chinatown' Struggles to Turn an Allegorical Novel Into a Show HBO Prequel Series 'Dune: Prophecy' Capably Tailors the Epic Franchise to Television Taylor Sheridan's 'Landman' Gives the West Texas Oil Fields the 'Yellowstone' Treatment Eddie Redmayne and Lashana Lynch's 'The Day of the Jackal' Is an Exhilarating Assassin Thriller Billie Eilish and producer Finneas keep up their winning streak with a surprising and intimate third album. Childish Gambino's latest is a masterpiece, and a kaleidoscopic showcase for his seemingly endless talents. Vince Staples searches for light on his new album, his most vulnerable project to date.

Dua Lipa's new album is a joyous blast of pop savvy. Sam Gold's production is an actorly face-off between Jeremy Strong and Michael Imperioli, but the script ultimately let's the audience off the hook. Patricia Clarkson gives a luminous performance in an otherwise uneven revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama. Strictly for the boomers. The stage adaptation has escapism, enchantment and heart, all elevated to new, literal heights that blend theater and cirque.

Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot.

Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah!

Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound.

Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! WB Games closing studios before "A Minecraft Movie" bows and "The Last of Us" returns underscores entertainment's gaming issues 'The Brutalist' followed with three wins. News and commentary on Amazon MGM's big move Latest updates and tributes for the Oscar-winning actor All the winners, fashion and speeches from the big night COVER STORY  How the video colossus launched the creator economy and turned from Hollywood foe to friend. 'Another Simple Favor,' 'The Threesome,' 'Ftoys,' 'The Age of Disclosure' and more will screen at SXSW.

Paramount and CBS filed motions Thursday to throw out President Donald Trumps lawsuit over a 60 Minutes interview last year, calling the suit an affront to the First Shares of Netflix fell 8.5 Thursday as investors reacted to analyst projections for slowing subscriber growth after the streamers record gains last year on its CBS has canceled its long-running action drama S.W.A.T. after eight seasons and 163 episodes, the shows producers and stars were told on Thursday. But this represents REVIEW  This is dance floor Gaga, free from the pretension that often casts a shadow on her catalog. She sounds like she's having fun, for the first time in a long time.

'Anora' won best picture, director, lead actress, original screenplay and editing. Baker ties Walt Disney for most Oscars won in a single night. In Rungano Nyoni's darkly transfixing drama, a group of young women, nursing the scars of sexual abuse, chafe against quiet complicity when their shared perpetrator drops dead. Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a true-life undersea rescue thriller that takes you down and lifts you up. It recreates a saturation-diving accident with a specificity that's nearly journalistic.

Anthony Mackie's slyly dogged Captain America has less superpower than his predecessor, and so does the film. But it's just fun enough, as Harrison Ford plays a president with anger-management issues. 'Interior Chinatown' Struggles to Turn an Allegorical Novel Into a Show HBO Prequel Series 'Dune: Prophecy' Capably Tailors the Epic Franchise to Television Taylor Sheridan's 'Landman' Gives the West Texas Oil Fields the 'Yellowstone' Treatment Eddie Redmayne and Lashana Lynch's 'The Day of the Jackal' Is an Exhilarating Assassin Thriller Billie Eilish and producer Finneas keep up their winning streak with a surprising and intimate third album. Childish Gambino's latest is a masterpiece, and a kaleidoscopic showcase for his seemingly endless talents.

Vince Staples searches for light on his new album, his most vulnerable project to date. Dua Lipa's new album is a joyous blast of pop savvy. Sam Gold's production is an actorly face-off between Jeremy Strong and Michael Imperioli, but the script ultimately let's the audience off the hook. Patricia Clarkson gives a luminous performance in an otherwise uneven revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama.

Strictly for the boomers. The stage adaptation has escapism, enchantment and heart, all elevated to new, literal heights that blend theater and cirque. Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song.

The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound.

Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song.

The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! WB Games closing studios before "A Minecraft Movie" bows and "The Last of Us" returns underscores entertainment's gaming issues 'The Brutalist' followed with three wins. List items:  James Bond Shakeup News and commentary on Amazon MGM's big move  Remembering Gene Hackman Latest updates and tributes for the Oscar-winning actor  Oscar Recap All the winners, fashion and speeches from the big night  CWs Powerpuff Girls Live-Action Footage Leaks: Bubbles Is Drunk, Buttercup Hates Gender Normative Costume and More From Canceled  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Inside Anoras Oscar Victory: How Scrappy Indie Neon Pulled Off Its Second Best Picture Win in 5 Years  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max' (EXCLUSIVE)  S.W.A.T. Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  With Love, Meghan Is a Montecito Ego Trip Not Worth Taking: TV Review  Oscars 2026: First Blind Predictions Including Timothée Chalamet, Emma Stone, Wicked: For Good and More  Robert Pattinson Cant Watch Horror Movies Anymore, Fell Asleep With Knives After One Scared Him: I Kept Thinking Someone Was Breaking In  Warner Bros. Moves to Throw Out Superman Suit Over Foreign Copyrights  Matt Lucas Apologizes to Millie Bobby Brown for Criticizing Her Appearance After Social Media Call Out: I Would Not Have Posted It if I Had Thought  Rebel Wilsons Bride Hard Sets Release Date, Reveals First Look News  News  Its Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year VIP  VIP  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review Album Reviews  Album Reviews  Lady Gaga Mayhem Vinyl Are Already Flying Off the Shelves News  News  Captain America Sequel Anything but Brave New Era for Aging Marvel IP VIP  VIP  David Oyelowo on How the Surrealist Family Comedy Government Cheese Stands Apart From Other 60s-Set Shows Features  Features  Film 10 mins Perfect Days Star Yakusho Koji to Receive Asian Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Honor  Global Bulletin  Film 16 mins Emerald Fennells Wuthering Heights Find Its Young Heathcliff and Cathy in Adolescence Breakout Owen Cooper and Matilda Stage Star Charlotte Mellington (EXCLUSIVE)  VIP 20 hours Why Hollywood Is Still Struggling to Make the Most of Video Games  Film 2 hours Parasite Studio CJ ENM Taps Industry Veteran Jung Hyun-joo to Head Film Division  Film 2 hours NATO Behind-the-Scenes Doc Facing War Boarded by CatDocs: Its Like a Big Family and Most Families Are Dysfunctional, Director Says (EXCLUSIVE)  VIP 2 days Oscars Ratings Suggest Awards Shows Are Not Long for TV  Film 3 hours Ajay Devgn Launches Generative AI Storytelling Venture Prismix (EXCLUSIVE)  Film 4 hours Coexistence, My Ass!

Shows an Israeli Comics Hilarious, Heartrending Fight for Middle East Peace: There Is Really No Other Alternative  Film 4 hours Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max (EXCLUSIVE)  Film 7 hours CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Manson Documentary Gets Lost in the Fog of Conspiracy  Anora Leads With 5 Wins 'Anora' won best picture, director, lead actress, original screenplay and editing. Sean Baker Makes Oscars History With Four Wins for One Movie With Anora Baker ties Walt Disney for most Oscars won in a single night. Adrien Brody Wins Oscar, Throws Out His Gum and Tells the Academy to Cut the Music So He Can Finish Speech: Ive Done This Before  Zoe Saldaña Fights Tears During Oscar Win: I Am a Proud Child of Immigrant Parents and the First American of Dominican Descent  Kieran Culkin Wins Oscar and Reminds Wife of Her Promise About More Kids After the Emmys: She Said, I Will Give You Four When You Win an  On Becoming a Guinea Fowl In Rungano Nyoni's darkly transfixing drama, a group of young women, nursing the scars of sexual abuse, chafe against quiet complicity when their shared perpetrator drops dead. Last Breath Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a true-life undersea rescue thriller that takes you down and lifts you up.

It recreates a saturation-diving accident with a specificity that's nearly journalistic. Captain America: Brave New World Anthony Mackie's slyly dogged Captain America has less superpower than his predecessor, and so does the film. But it's just fun enough, as Harrison Ford plays a president with anger-management issues. Interior Chinatown 'Interior Chinatown' Struggles to Turn an Allegorical Novel Into a Show  Dune: Prophecy HBO Prequel Series 'Dune: Prophecy' Capably Tailors the Epic Franchise to Television  Landman Taylor Sheridan's 'Landman' Gives the West Texas Oil Fields the 'Yellowstone' Treatment  'The Day of the Jackal Eddie Redmayne and Lashana Lynch's 'The Day of the Jackal' Is an Exhilarating Assassin Thriller  Hit Me Hard and Soft Billie Eilish and producer Finneas keep up their winning streak with a surprising and intimate third album. Atavista Childish Gambino's latest is a masterpiece, and a kaleidoscopic showcase for his seemingly endless talents.

Dark Times Vince Staples searches for light on his new album, his most vulnerable project to date. Radical Optimism Dua Lipa's new album is a joyous blast of pop savvy. An Enemy of the People Sam Gold's production is an actorly face-off between Jeremy Strong and Michael Imperioli, but the script ultimately let's the audience off the hook.

Long Days Journey Into Night Patricia Clarkson gives a luminous performance in an otherwise uneven revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama. Tommy Strictly for the boomers. Water for Elephants The stage adaptation has escapism, enchantment and heart, all elevated to new, literal heights that blend theater and cirque.

Popular on Variety Jodie Foster  Robert Downey Jr. Actors on Actors (Full Conversation) Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound.

Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Popular on Variety Netflix Buys Glen Powell, Anthony Mackie and Laura Dern Legal Drama Monsanto Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin  she was 29 at the time  sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound.

Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Oscars Ratings Suggest Awards Shows Are Not Long for TV  Digital The TikTok Rival That Won Most From Ban  Psst, Not RedNote By Kevin Tran 3 days  Consent  Content for AI Training: A Special Report  Digital It's Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year By Kevin Tran 7 days  I Need Aimee Lou Woods Leopard Sunglasses in The White Lotus 2 weeks  How to Watch Best Picture Winner Anora Online 4 days  The J. Crew x New Yorker Collection Is a Bi-Coastal Elites Dream 2 weeks  The Brooch Was the Menswear Accessory of Choice at the Oscars 4 days  Emmy Rule Changes Revealed by Television Academy: No Guest Star Double Dipping, and More Eligibility for Directors  Artisans Wickeds Paul Tazewell Makes Oscars History as First Black Man to Win Best Costume Design By Kevin Tran 4 days  Im Still Here Makes Oscar History as First Brazilian Film to Win International Feature Category  Awards No Other Land Directors Use Oscar Speech to Call on World to Stop the Ethnic Cleansing of Palestinian People By Kevin Tran 4 days  The Traitors Finale: Britneys Shocking Vote Revealed, and Did Traitors or Faithfuls Win Season 3? S.W.A.T.

Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  ESPNs New Five-Year Deal With Stephen A. Smith Makes Him a 100 Million Man  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actor and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  Perfect Days Star Yakusho Koji to Receive Asian Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Honor  Global Bulletin  Emerald Fennells Wuthering Heights Find Its Young Heathcliff and Cathy in Adolescence Breakout Owen Cooper and Matilda Stage Star Charlotte  Parasite Studio CJ ENM Taps Industry Veteran Jung Hyun-joo to Head Film Division  NATO Behind-the-Scenes Doc 'Facing War' Boarded by Cats  Docs: It's Like a Big Family and Most Families Are Dysfunctional, Director Says  Ajay Devgn Launches Generative AI Storytelling Venture Prismix (EXCLUSIVE)  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Sean Diddy Combs Gets Hit With New Allegations of Forced Labor  Lady Gaga Would Like to Write a Broadway Musical: It Would Bring Me So Much Joy  King Charles Crafts Playlist With Apple Music as Kylie Minogue, Bob Marley and Raye Make Royal Cut  Music Industry Moves: Bad Bunnys Label Rimas Entertainment Acquires Stake in Dale Play Records  How Real Housewives of Atlanta Star Kandi Burruss Is Helping Make A New Broadway as a Producer  Dungeons  Dragons: The Twenty-Sided Tavern Sets Final New York Performances Before National Tour  The Hunger Games: On Stage Sets October Premiere in London  Adam Lambert on Playing the Emcee in Broadways Cabaret, and Why Its Anti-Fascist Themes Hit Even Harder Now Than When He Began the Run: Its  Patrick Wilson on 'Millers in Marriage' and Why Two 'Aquaman' Movies Were Enough: 'I Don't Know Where the Story Would Go'  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  Musicians Behind The Mandalorian and Jurassic World Launch New Trailer Music Agency: Master Works Alliance  Technicolor Bankruptcy: Gaming Unit Sold to TransPerfect; VFX and Animation Future Still Uncertain  The Leopard Production and Costume Designers on Balancing Reality and Decadence to Update the Sicilian Sagas Look for  Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  Studio71 Signs Strategic Distribution Partnership With Digital Creator The Mannii Show (EXCLUSIVE)  Brady Corbet Made Zero Dollars Directing The Brutalist  So He Directed These Commercials Next  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy and Turned From Hollywood Foe to Friend  YouTubes Super Creators: How MrBeast, Rhett  Link, Michelle Khare, Adam W and More Use the Platform to Power Their Businesses  Why YouTube Exited the Original Content Business: 'We Weren't Good at Picking Content'  Savannah Guthrie Is the Latest Celebrity With a Childrens Book  Mikey Madison and Adrien Brody Swarmed, Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Get Cozy and Zoe Saldaña Parties With Her Parents: Inside Vanity Fairs  H.E.R. Is Bummed Oscars Wont Include Performances of Best Original Song Nominees: Its Kind of Weird  Patrick Dempsey Explains Why Hes Not Returning for Scream 7 (EXCLUSIVE)  Women in Film CEO Kirsten Schaffer Urges the Need to Double Down on our Efforts for Inclusion  Trump Foresees A Little Disturbance as He Vows to Expand Trade War in Speech to Congress  John Oliver Sounds Off on Trump Calling Zelenskyy Not Grateful Enough for U.S. Support: Hes a President in the Middle of a War, Not a Toddler  Trump Says He Will Issue a Complete Pardon of Pete Rose  Paul Feig Donates 300,000 to Queer Youth Organizations as LGBTQ Rights Are Attacked Under Trump: 'I Can't Sit Idly By' (EXCLUSIVE)  Judge Refuses to Order AP Back Into White House Press Pool Amid Trump Spat Over Gulf of America  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy and Turned From Hollywood Foe to Friend By Andrew Wallenstein 2 hours Ago  Tatum ONeal Is Still Here: The Oscar Winner on Surviving Addiction, a Stroke and Coming to Terms With Being Left Out of Her Fathers Will By Andrew Wallenstein 2 hours Ago  How Greg Gutfeld Became the Bill Maher of Fox News  And Toppled Fallon and Colbert in the Ratings By Andrew Wallenstein 2 hours Ago  Inside the Cable TV Hospice: Can NBCUniversals Divorce From MSNBC, Syfy, E! and More Prolong the Life of Once-Popular Channels? By Andrew Wallenstein 2 hours Ago  Rolling Stone Jennifer Coolidge Has Really Missed Herself on The White Lotus  Robb Report The Art Institute of Chicago Is Returning a Stolen Buddha to Nepal  Sportico UFL Champion Stallions Still Chasing Financial Wins  WWD Forever 21 U.S. Operator Readies Bankruptcy Filing, Preps New Operating Strategy  TVLine The Pitts Noah Wyle and Patrick Ball Unpack Episode 10s Big Langdon Reveal and Why It Hits Robby So Hard

---

Latest News  Sign Up for Variety Newsletters  Most Popular  Must Read  Sign Up for Variety Newsletters  More From Our Brands  Hollywood Ditches DEI to Avoid Donald Trumps Wrath  Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  No Other Land Oscar Win Boosts Theatrical Screenings in Europe as U.S. Distribution Remains Uncertain (EXCLUSIVE)  Celine Songs Materialists, Starring Dakota Johnson, Chris Evans and Pedro Pascal, Sets June Release Date  Violet and Madeleine McGraw to Star in Holiday Action Film (EXCLUSIVE)  Perfect Days Star Yakusho Koji to Receive Asian Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Honor  Global Bulletin  Emerald Fennells Wuthering Heights Find Its Young Heathcliff and Cathy in Adolescence Breakout Owen Cooper and Matilda Stage Star Charlotte Mellington (EXCLUSIVE)  Parasite Studio CJ ENM Taps Industry Veteran Jung Hyun-joo to Head Film Division  Oscars Ratings Suggest Awards Shows Are Not Long for TV  NATO Behind-the-Scenes Doc Facing War Boarded by CatDocs: Its Like a Big Family and Most Families Are Dysfunctional, Director Says (EXCLUSIVE)  Ajay Devgn Launches Generative AI Storytelling Venture Prismix (EXCLUSIVE)  Coexistence, My Ass!

Shows an Israeli Comics Hilarious, Heartrending Fight for Middle East Peace: There Is Really No Other Alternative  Its Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max (EXCLUSIVE)  CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Manson Documentary Gets Lost in the Fog of Conspiracy  Rule Breakers Review: STEM Power Meets Girl Power in Tale of a Female Robotics Team From Afghanistan  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  Blake Lively to Attend SXSW Premiere of Another Simple Favor Amid Ongoing Justin Baldoni Legal Battles  Theres Still Tomorrow Review: A Beautifully Crafted Look at the Resilience of an Abused Housewife in Post-War Rome  In the Lost Lands Review: Dave Bautista and Milla Jovovich Take a Dystopian-Future Road Trip  CWs Powerpuff Girls Live-Action Footage Leaks: Bubbles Is Drunk, Buttercup Hates Gender Normative Costume and More From Canceled  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Inside Anoras Oscar Victory: How Scrappy Indie Neon Pulled Off Its Second Best Picture Win in 5 Years  S.W.A.T. Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max' (EXCLUSIVE)  With Love, Meghan Is a Montecito Ego Trip Not Worth Taking: TV Review  COVER  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy  Oscars 2025 Winners: Anora Leads With 5 Wins Followed by The Brutalist With 3  Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  Making The Last of Us Season 2: Casting Abby, Video Game Changes  Hollywood Ditches DEI to Avoid Donald Trumps Wrath  Strictly Business  Jennifer Coolidge Has Really Missed Herself on The White Lotus  The Art Institute of Chicago Is Returning a Stolen Buddha to Nepal  UFL Champion Stallions Still Chasing Financial Wins  Forever 21 U.S. Operator Readies Bankruptcy Filing, Preps New Operating Strategy  The Pitts Noah Wyle and Patrick Ball Unpack Episode 10s Big Langdon Reveal and Why It Hits Robby So Hard Trumps influence over DEI initiatives has spread to Hollywood. Behind the sickening fall of Technicolor and why its failure is sending shockwaves through the VFX industry.

While best documentary Oscar winner No Other Land has been struggling to get visibility in the U.S., the Palestinian-Israeli doc is having a robust run overseas. And Materialists, Celine Songs all-star follow up to her two-time Oscar-nominated directorial debut Past Lives, has been given a U.S. release date by A24. The film is Violet and Madeleine McGraw, two sisters who are known for horror films such as M3GAN, The Black Phone, Doctor Sleep and The Haunting of Hill House, are leaving A Variety and iHeartRadio Podcast Trumps influence over DEI initiatives has spread to Hollywood. Behind the sickening fall of Technicolor and why its failure is sending shockwaves through the VFX industry.

While best documentary Oscar winner No Other Land has been struggling to get visibility in the U.S., the Palestinian-Israeli doc is having a robust run overseas. And Materialists, Celine Songs all-star follow up to her two-time Oscar-nominated directorial debut Past Lives, has been given a U.S. release date by A24. The film is Violet and Madeleine McGraw, two sisters who are known for horror films such as M3GAN, The Black Phone, Doctor Sleep and The Haunting of Hill House, are leaving List items:  Film 21 mins Perfect Days Star Yakusho Koji to Receive Asian Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Honor  Global Bulletin  Film 27 mins Emerald Fennells Wuthering Heights Find Its Young Heathcliff and Cathy in Adolescence Breakout Owen Cooper and Matilda Stage Star Charlotte Mellington (EXCLUSIVE)  Film 2 hours Parasite Studio CJ ENM Taps Industry Veteran Jung Hyun-joo to Head Film Division  VIP 2 days Oscars Ratings Suggest Awards Shows Are Not Long for TV  Film 2 hours NATO Behind-the-Scenes Doc Facing War Boarded by CatDocs: Its Like a Big Family and Most Families Are Dysfunctional, Director Says (EXCLUSIVE)  Film 4 hours Ajay Devgn Launches Generative AI Storytelling Venture Prismix (EXCLUSIVE)  Film 4 hours Coexistence, My Ass!

Shows an Israeli Comics Hilarious, Heartrending Fight for Middle East Peace: There Is Really No Other Alternative  VIP 7 days Its Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year  Film 4 hours Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max (EXCLUSIVE)  Film 7 hours CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Manson Documentary Gets Lost in the Fog of Conspiracy  Film 8 hours Rule Breakers Review: STEM Power Meets Girl Power in Tale of a Female Robotics Team From Afghanistan  Artisans 9 hours Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  Film 9 hours Blake Lively to Attend SXSW Premiere of Another Simple Favor Amid Ongoing Justin Baldoni Legal Battles  Film 10 hours Theres Still Tomorrow Review: A Beautifully Crafted Look at the Resilience of an Abused Housewife in Post-War Rome  Film 11 hours In the Lost Lands Review: Dave Bautista and Milla Jovovich Take a Dystopian-Future Road Trip  CWs Powerpuff Girls Live-Action Footage Leaks: Bubbles Is Drunk, Buttercup Hates Gender Normative Costume and More From Canceled  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Inside Anoras Oscar Victory: How Scrappy Indie Neon Pulled Off Its Second Best Picture Win in 5 Years  S.W.A.T. Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max' (EXCLUSIVE)  With Love, Meghan Is a Montecito Ego Trip Not Worth Taking: TV Review  Digital COVER  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy By Andrew Wallenstein 18 hours  Film Oscars 2025 Winners: Anora Leads With 5 Wins Followed by The Brutalist With 3  Artisans Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  TV Making The Last of Us Season 2: Casting Abby, Video Game Changes  Film Hollywood Ditches DEI to Avoid Donald Trumps Wrath  Rolling Stone Jennifer Coolidge Has Really Missed Herself on The White Lotus  Robb Report The Art Institute of Chicago Is Returning a Stolen Buddha to Nepal  Sportico UFL Champion Stallions Still Chasing Financial Wins  WWD Forever 21 U.S. Operator Readies Bankruptcy Filing, Preps New Operating Strategy  TVLine The Pitts Noah Wyle and Patrick Ball Unpack Episode 10s Big Langdon Reveal and Why It Hits Robby So Hard

---

Latest News  Sign Up for Variety Newsletters  Most Popular  Must Read  Sign Up for Variety Newsletters  More From Our Brands  The 100 Greatest TV Performances of the 21st Century  The Traitors Bosses on NDAs, Whether Danielle Told Britney, Those Campy Before-Bed Clips and Which Roundtable Was Terrifying to Watch  The White Lotus Season 3 Character Guide: Whos Who in Thailand? Kate Hudson Basketball Sitcom Running Point Is an Easy Layup, But Could Work on Its Long Game: TV Review  Inside the Cable TV Hospice: Can NBCUniversals Divorce From MSNBC, Syfy, E!

and More Prolong the Life of Once-Popular Channels? The Traitors Finale: Britneys Shocking Vote Revealed, and Did Traitors or Faithfuls Win Season 3? S.W.A.T.

Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  Its Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year  ESPNs New Five-Year Deal With Stephen A. Smith Makes Him a 100 Million Man  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actor and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  Matthew McConaughey  Woody Harrelsons Apple Comedy Series Rounds Out Cast  Apple TV Viewership Is Surging. Is It the Severance Halo Effect? White Lotus Star Walton Goggins Went to the Hospital After Snake Bite on Set: Am I Dying a Slow Death? Deli Boys Creator Abdullah Saeed Breaks Down Curating the Gore Level in Onyx Collective Comedy Series  Paramount Moves to Throw Out Trumps 60 Minutes Suit: An Affront to the First Amendment  Produced By Conference Returns in May for Networking and Panel Discussions on Universal Studios Lot  Clémence Poésy Joins Neuromancer Series at Apple TV  New-stalgia On Demand: How Mattel Links Brands Across Generations  Vikings Creator Michael Hirst, Horatio Hirst Set Historical Drama Bloodaxe at Amazon  CWs Powerpuff Girls Live-Action Footage Leaks: Bubbles Is Drunk, Buttercup Hates Gender Normative Costume and More From Canceled  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Inside Anoras Oscar Victory: How Scrappy Indie Neon Pulled Off Its Second Best Picture Win in 5 Years  S.W.A.T.

Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max' (EXCLUSIVE)  With Love, Meghan Is a Montecito Ego Trip Not Worth Taking: TV Review  COVER  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy  Oscars 2025 Winners: Anora Leads With 5 Wins Followed by The Brutalist With 3  Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  Making The Last of Us Season 2: Casting Abby, Video Game Changes  Hollywood Ditches DEI to Avoid Donald Trumps Wrath  Strictly Business  Jennifer Coolidge Has Really Missed Herself on The White Lotus  The Art Institute of Chicago Is Returning a Stolen Buddha to Nepal  UFL Champion Stallions Still Chasing Financial Wins  Forever 21 U.S. Operator Readies Bankruptcy Filing, Preps New Operating Strategy  The Pitts Noah Wyle and Patrick Ball Unpack Episode 10s Big Langdon Reveal and Why It Hits Robby So Hard When one thinks of the defining TV performances of the past 25 or so years, what comes to mind? The premise of The Traitors may be for the Faithful to find out who among them is lying about their identities.

But in Season 3 of the Peacock series, the Traitors Another luxe resort, another batch of troubled travelers. Welcome to The White Lotus Season 3, which takes Mike Whites vacation dramedy to the Thai island of Koh Peak TV may technically be in the past, but its specter still lingers. How else do you get two flashy, star-studded TV shows about the Los Angeles Lakers in the span of In the early 1980s, when cable TV was young and music videos were on the cutting edge, Doug Herzog used to fly coach for his job as a junior MTV programming executive A Variety and iHeartRadio Podcast When one thinks of the defining TV performances of the past 25 or so years, what comes to mind? The premise of The Traitors may be for the Faithful to find out who among them is lying about their identities. But in Season 3 of the Peacock series, the Traitors Another luxe resort, another batch of troubled travelers.

Welcome to The White Lotus Season 3, which takes Mike Whites vacation dramedy to the Thai island of Koh Peak TV may technically be in the past, but its specter still lingers. How else do you get two flashy, star-studded TV shows about the Los Angeles Lakers in the span of In the early 1980s, when cable TV was young and music videos were on the cutting edge, Doug Herzog used to fly coach for his job as a junior MTV programming executive List items:  TV 8 hours The Traitors Finale: Britneys Shocking Vote Revealed, and Did Traitors or Faithfuls Win Season 3? TV 9 hours S.W.A.T. Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Artisans 9 hours Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify Historic First Union Contract  VIP 7 days Its Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year  TV 10 hours ESPNs New Five-Year Deal With Stephen A. Smith Makes Him a 100 Million Man  TV 11 hours Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actor and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  TV 11 hours Matthew McConaughey  Woody Harrelsons Apple Comedy Series Rounds Out Cast  VIP 1 week Apple TV Viewership Is Surging.

Is It the Severance Halo Effect? TV 11 hours White Lotus Star Walton Goggins Went to the Hospital After Snake Bite on Set: Am I Dying a Slow Death? TV 12 hours Deli Boys Creator Abdullah Saeed Breaks Down Curating the Gore Level in Onyx Collective Comedy Series  TV 12 hours Paramount Moves to Throw Out Trumps 60 Minutes Suit: An Affront to the First Amendment  TV 14 hours Produced By Conference Returns in May for Networking and Panel Discussions on Universal Studios Lot  TV 14 hours Clémence Poésy Joins Neuromancer Series at Apple TV  Biz 15 hours New-stalgia On Demand: How Mattel Links Brands Across Generations  TV 15 hours Vikings Creator Michael Hirst, Horatio Hirst Set Historical Drama Bloodaxe at Amazon  CWs Powerpuff Girls Live-Action Footage Leaks: Bubbles Is Drunk, Buttercup Hates Gender Normative Costume and More From Canceled  Lady Gaga Returns to Her Dance Floor Roots  and Has a Blast  on Mayhem: Album Review  Inside Anoras Oscar Victory: How Scrappy Indie Neon Pulled Off Its Second Best Picture Win in 5 Years  S.W.A.T.

Canceled by CBS For a Third Time  After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves  Nanis The Paradise Unveils Plot Details: This Is Indias Mad Max' (EXCLUSIVE)  With Love, Meghan Is a Montecito Ego Trip Not Worth Taking: TV Review  Digital COVER  YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy By Andrew Wallenstein 18 hours  Film Oscars 2025 Winners: Anora Leads With 5 Wins Followed by The Brutalist With 3  Artisans Behind the Sickening Collapse of Technicolor and Why Its Failure Is Sending Shockwaves Through the VFX Industry  TV Making The Last of Us Season 2: Casting Abby, Video Game Changes  Film Hollywood Ditches DEI to Avoid Donald Trumps Wrath  Rolling Stone Jennifer Coolidge Has Really Missed Herself on The White Lotus  Robb Report The Art Institute of Chicago Is Returning a Stolen Buddha to Nepal  Sportico UFL Champion Stallions Still Chasing Financial Wins  WWD Forever 21 U.S. Operator Readies Bankruptcy Filing, Preps New Operating Strategy  TVLine The Pitts Noah Wyle and Patrick Ball Unpack Episode 10s Big Langdon Reveal and Why It Hits Robby So Hard

====================

Latest News  Person of Interest  What We're Watching  Featured Videos  Zoe Saldaña  Stylist Petra Flannery Cover Shoot Behind the Scenes  Mikey Madisons Morning After Her Best Actress Oscar Win  Texts With Demi Moore  The Hollywood Reporter Awards Countdown: Oscars Edition  Ariana Grande Shares Her Hollywood Firsts: Auditioning for Wicked, Being Oscar Nominated  More  Fernanda Torres Reveals Her Reaction To Oscar Nom  Life Growing Up In Brazil In A Family of Actors  Dune: Part Two Crafting the Scene: How Denis Villeneuve Devised the Black-and-White World of House Harkonnen  Mikey Madisons Morning After Her Best Actress Oscar Win  Texts With Demi Moore  The Hollywood Reporter Awards Countdown: Oscars Edition  Ariana Grande Shares Her Hollywood Firsts: Auditioning for Wicked, Being Oscar Nominated  More  Fernanda Torres Reveals Her Reaction To Oscar Nom  Life Growing Up In Brazil In A Family of Actors  Dune: Part Two Crafting the Scene: How Denis Villeneuve Devised the Black-and-White World of House Harkonnen  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify First Contract  Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBOs The White Lotus: The Caucasian Lotus  The Spies Among Us Shows a Victim Talking to Ex-Stasi Officers, Taking You Inside a Surveillance State  Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment  Gaumont TV President Isabelle Degeorges to Receive Series Mania Women in Series Award  Takashi Murakami Puts Cheerful Cherry Blossoms on LA Dodgers, Chicago Cubs Merch for 2025 Tokyo Series Collection  Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBOs The White Lotus: The Caucasian Lotus  CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Tease of a Netflix Doc Is More Interesting to Think About Than to Watch  The Traitors Season 3 Finale: Tearful Twists, Helicopter Hijinks and Backstabbing Besties  Californias Gavin Newsom Opposes Trans Athletes in Womens Sports, Splitting With Progressives  Lady Gaga Says Alter Ego Jo Calderone Was a Way to Explore What She Was Looking for in Men  CBS Cancels SWAT (Again)  Jack Schlossberg Calls Out Cousin RFK Jr.s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Childs Death From Measles  British Columbia Actors Ratify New Deal With North American Producers  Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment  King Charles Partners With Apple Music to Release His Playlist, Featuring Kylie Minogue, Raye and More  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify First Contract  Your Spring Wardrobe, Sorted: Nordstroms Best Womens Fashion Finds, from Everyday Essentials to Designer Resortwear  Robert Pattinson Reveals Why He Cant Watch Horror Movies Anymore  Streaming Ratings: The Night Agent Scores Third Straight Week at No. 1  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actress and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  Cynthia Erivo Joins Past Lives Star Teo Yoo in Unique Action Thriller Karoshi  Cynthia Erivo Joins 'Past Lives' Star Teo Yoo in Unique Action Thriller 'Karoshi'  'Dungeons  Dragons' Duo John Francis Daley, Jonathan Goldstein to Write Monopoly Movie  Joe Russo Says Robert Downey Jr. Is Researching and "Writing Backstory" for Doctor Doom Role: "He Is So Dialed In"  The Traitors Season 3 Finale: Tearful Twists, Helicopter Hijinks and Backstabbing Besties  Streaming Ratings: 'The Night Agent' Scores Third Straight Week at No.

1  'Vikings' Creator Michael Hirst Sets Next Norse Drama at Amazon  With Running Point, Brenda Song Finally Steps Into Herself  Aimee Lou Wood Finally Finds a Role She Can Sink Her Very British Teeth Into  Patrick Schwarzenegger Is Happy to Bare It All  Noah Centineo, the Internets Boyfriend, Is Now Kicking Ass  With Love, Meghan Lacks a Key Ingredient  Paradise Creator, Star Answer Finale Cliffhangers and What to Expect in Season 2  Andrew Schulz on Interviewing Trump, Embracing Netflix and Finding Comedy in His Fertility Struggles  White Lotus Friendships Get Tested by a Trump Vote Reveal  Movies  Black Bag Review: Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender Cozy Up in Steven Soderberghs Snazzy Spy Thriller  Rule Breakers Review: True-Life Drama About All-Girls Afghan Robotics Team Hits Its Inspirational Marks  In the Lost Lands Review: Milla Jovovich and Dave Bautista in a Stale George R.R. Martin Adaptation  Critics Appreciation: Gene Hackman, a Tough Guy With Infinite Nuance and Boundless Range  Last Breath Review: Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a Taut Deep-Sea Survival Nail-Biter  TV  CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Tease of a Netflix Doc Is More Interesting to Think About Than to Watch  Adolescence Review: Netflixs Taut One-Shot Legal Thriller Is More Than Its Gimmick  Deli Boys Review: Hulus Upbeat Crime Comedy Is Mostly Empty Calories  Daredevil: Born Again Review: Disneys Marvel Series Is More of the Same, Mostly for the Better  Critics Notebook: Conan OBrien Helps to Steady an Erratic Oscars Telecast  With Love, Meghan Lacks a Key Ingredient  Conan OBrien Helps to Steady an Erratic Oscars Telecast  How Anora Won, Demi Moore Lost and the Oscars Capped a Tumultuous Awards Season  Why Are Jewish Celebrities in Hollywood So Afraid to Talk About Antisemitism? Marni Gives Hokas Hollywood-Loved Kicks a Maximalist Makeover In This Springs It Sneaker Collab  A Running List of The White Lotus Brand Collabs Inspired by Season Three  The Office and Polly Pocket Just Squished the Worlds Best Boss and His Crew Into a Coffee Cup  Hailey Bieber Restocks Rhodes Viral Barrier Butter  and the Internet Is Grateful  Aimee Lou Wood Finally Finds a Role She Can Sink Her Very British Teeth Into  From The Housemaid to The Women in Cabin 10: Upcoming Book Adaptations in 2025  Oscar Nights Naked Dresses and History of the Sheer Look  Patrick Schwarzenegger Is Happy to Bare It All  Patrick Wilson on Steamy Laundry Room Scene with Kate Winslet in Little Children: There Were Lots of Bruises  Film Academy CEO Bill Kramer on 2025 Oscars, Karla Sofía Gascón, AI and Trumps DEI Crackdown  Hollywoods Top 25 Power Stylists 2025: The Red-Carpet Visionaries Behind Zoe Saldaña, Glen Powell, Charli XCX, Cynthia Erivo and Troye Sivan  Harry Potter, Big Little Lies and What Not to Pitch Now: HBOs Programming Team Tells All  DEI Is Disappearing In Hollywood. Was It Ever Really Here?

Magic Mikey: The Anora Star Just Woke Up With an Oscar. What Other Tricks Does She Have Up Her Sleeve? Top Story Production managers, production supervisors and production coordinators at the 'Wish' studio negotiated for health and pension benefits as well as higher minimum wage rates. On a recent episode of 'The View,' the panelists discuss a scene from the latest 'White Lotus' episode where the trio of complicated friends learn that one of them voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election.

Jamie Coughlin Silverman and Gabriel Silverman say their doc, debuting at SXSW, has parallels to today, from data collection to times "when your neighbors turn on each other, when realities become fractured." Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations. THR's voice in the geek sphere '1923' actress Isabel May is also starring in the Lionsgate feature.

Inside the show and biz of TV The Traitors season three has finally come to an end. Did the Faithfuls succeed or will Reyes and Haynes pull off a victory? Interviews with the people we're talking about. Spoilers ahead! Go behind the scenes of THRs Style Issue cover shoot with Zoe Saldaña and her stylist Petra Flannery.

List items:  TV Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBOs The White Lotus: The Caucasian Lotus On a recent episode of 'The View,' the panelists discuss a scene from the latest 'White Lotus' episode where the trio of complicated friends learn that one of them voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election. By Carly Thomas  Movies The Spies Among Us Shows a Victim Talking to Ex-Stasi Officers, Taking You Inside a Surveillance State Jamie Coughlin Silverman and Gabriel Silverman say their doc, debuting at SXSW, has parallels to today, from data collection to times "when your neighbors turn on each other, when realities become fractured." By Georg Szalai  News Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him.

Combs has denied the allegations. By Winston Cho  TV News  01:00 am  Shopping  09:27 pm  TV News  07:59 pm  TV Reviews  07:55 pm  TV News  07:13 pm  Politics News  06:40 pm  Music News  05:16 pm  TV News  05:00 pm  General News  04:37 pm  Business News  04:19 pm  Music News  04:06 pm  Music News  04:01 pm  Business News  03:30 pm  Partner Content  03:28 pm  Movie News  03:10 pm  TV News  02:34 pm  General News  02:20 pm  Movie News  02:00 pm  Marni Gives Hokas Hollywood-Loved Kicks a Maximalist Makeover In This Springs It Sneaker Collab  A Running List of The White Lotus Brand Collabs Inspired by Season Three  The Office and Polly Pocket Just Squished the Worlds Best Boss and His Crew Into a Coffee Cup  Hailey Bieber Restocks Rhodes Viral Barrier Butter  and the Internet Is Grateful  Arts From The Housemaid to The Women in Cabin 10: Upcoming Book Adaptations in 2025 By Lexy Perez  Style Oscar Nights Naked Dresses and History of the Sheer Look By Laurie Brookins  Subscribe Sign Up  Cover Story Hollywoods Top 25 Power Stylists 2025: The Red-Carpet Visionaries Behind Zoe Saldaña, Glen Powell, Charli XCX, Cynthia Erivo and Troye Sivan By Produced and edited by Carol McColgin  TV Harry Potter, Big Little Lies and What Not to Pitch Now: HBOs Programming Team Tells All By Lacey Rose  Business DEI Is Disappearing In Hollywood. Was It Ever Really Here? By Winston Cho, Alex Weprin  Cover Story Magic Mikey: The Anora Star Just Woke Up With an Oscar. What Other Tricks Does She Have Up Her Sleeve?

By Scott Feinberg

---

Got a Confidential Tip for The Hollywood Reporter? Ways to Provide News Tips  Steps You Can Take to Stay Anonymous  Tipline Form  Email  U.S. Mail If you have information that you want to share about troubling activities within or connected to the entertainment industry, please let The Hollywood Reporter know. This publication is committed to accurate, fair, diligent investigative journalism. But this cant happen without your crucial help.

Knowledge of misconduct, discrimination, impropriety, corruption and other forms of wrongdoing need to be brought to our attention so we can in turn investigate the issue. Heres how you can share your story with us easily, safely and, if you desire, confidentially. This form is completely confidential.

Your name and email are not required. However, the best tips (most likely to yield coverage) include actionable suggestions on how to obtain documentation or evidence that would substantiate the story. Messages are reviewed regularly, but we cannot promise an individual response. Submit Δ Send an e-mail directly to tipsthr.com. This is not the place to submit press releases or obituaries.

Scroll through our Masthead to find a specific reporter or editor. The Hollywood Reporter  Confidential Tips11355 W Olympic BlvdLos Angeles, CA 90064 Dont contact us from your home or work computer or internet connection. Use a public wi-fi network in an area where your screen is not visible to security cameras. Use separate accounts from the ones you usually use for email, Google, social media, etc. for contact and browsing activity related to your tip.

Consider downloading Tor browser and using a secure operating system like Tails. Avoid personal communication with us via email, phone or social media. Someone investigating a leak may be able to discover you by tracing your habits. Delete everything.

Erase documents, web history, messages, proof of contact, do not keep trails of communication or activity anywhere that is normally accessible. Dont tell anyone that youre a source. ---

Latest News  Californias Gavin Newsom Opposes Trans Athletes in Womens Sports, Splitting With Progressives  Lady Gaga Says Alter Ego Jo Calderone Was a Way to Explore What She Was Looking for in Men  Jack Schlossberg Calls Out Cousin RFK Jr.s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Childs Death From Measles  Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment  King Charles Partners With Apple Music to Release His Playlist, Featuring Kylie Minogue, Raye and More  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actress and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  The Future of Reggae and Dancehall Discussed at Island Music Conference in Jamaica  Olivia Rodrigo and The 1975 to Headline Glastonbury 2025  Mercury Records Taps Tyler Arnold as Chairman and CEO, Ben Adelson as President and COO  Gwyneth Paltrow Says She Drank Every Night During L.A. Wildfires  Roy Ayers, Jazz-Funk Musician Behind Everybody Loves the Sunshine, Dies at 84  Steve Carell Helps L.A. Students Affected by the Fires Go to Prom for Free  80s Cruise Bands Singer to Skip Show After Fiancée Went Overboard  Hamilton Cancels Kennedy Center Run After Trump Takeover  Joshua Jackson Excited for the Opportunity to Rebuild His Childhood Home After L.A. Fires  Neil Gaiman Says WhatsApp Messages Prove Former Nannys Claims of Rape Are a Sham: Shes a Fantasist "[Jo was] also what I was maybe lacking in myself," Gaga said. Almost every single case of measles is in someone whos not vaccinated.

I think youre the perfect person to say sorry," the outspoken Democratic advocate said. Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations. In an extraordinarily personal insight into Charles III's music taste, 'The King's Music Room' was recorded at Buckingham Palace in his private office. They were married for 17 years and share two daughters.

I would really like for the artists to come in and make connections and understand the game and not get fucked like the old ones did, said Shaggy of the third annual confab. Neil Young, Charli XCX, Noah Kahan, The Prodigy, Raye, Loyle Carner, Gracie Abrams and more have also been confirmed to perform at the U.K.'s biggest music festival. Mercury Records announced the executives promotions on Tuesday, both having been with the company since its relaunch in 2022. The Oscar winner also opens up about how alcohol impacted her menopause symptoms.

The vibraphonist's hits have been sampled by Mary J. Blige, Common, Tyler, the Creator and Kanye West. 'The Office' star partnered with Alice's Kids, which is providing prom tickets to high school seniors. Faster Pussycat is still planning to perform its scheduled show, but without lead singer Taime Downe after his fiancée went missing and is presumed dead. Producer Jeffrey Seller said the show could not participate in the "new culture" of the institution. Jackson lost his childhood home, which is also where he had raised his four-year-old daughter, in the Palisades fire.

The author has been accused of repeatedly raping and assaulting Scarlett Pavlovich while she was working for his family in New Zealand in 2022. List items:  News Lady Gaga Says Alter Ego Jo Calderone Was a Way to Explore What She Was Looking for in Men "[Jo was] also what I was maybe lacking in myself," Gaga said. By Lexi Carson  General News Jack Schlossberg Calls Out Cousin RFK Jr.s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Childs Death From Measles Almost every single case of measles is in someone whos not vaccinated. I think youre the perfect person to say sorry," the outspoken Democratic advocate said.

By Carly Thomas  News Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations. By Winston Cho  Music News  10 hours ago  By Lily Ford  General News  11 hours ago  By The Associated Press, THR Staff  Music News  14 hours ago  By Janeé Bolden  Music News  1 day ago  By Lily Ford  Music News  1 day ago  By Nicole Fell  General News  1 day ago  By Carly Thomas  Music News  1 day ago  By Zoe G. Phillips  Local News  1 day ago  By Lexi Carson  General News  1 day ago  By James Hibberd  Politics News  1 day ago  By Caitlin Huston  Local News  1 day ago  By Zoe G. Phillips  General News  2 days ago  By Lily Ford

====================

Featured today  Most popular celebrities  What to watch  Exclusive videos  IMDb Originals  Explore whats streaming  Explore Movies  TV shows  More to explore  Recently viewed

---

Featured today  Most popular celebrities  What to watch  Exclusive videos  IMDb Originals  Explore whats streaming  Explore Movies  TV shows  More to explore  Recently viewed

---

Upcoming releasesUnited StatesSelect countryAfghanistanAlbaniaAmerican SamoaAnguillaArgentinaArmeniaAustraliaAustriaBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBeninBermudaBrazilCambodiaCameroonCanadaCentral African RepublicChileChinaCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaCosta RicaCroatiaCubaCuraçaoCyprusCzechiaDenmarkDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEquatorial GuineaEstoniaFinlandFranceFrench GuianaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGreeceGuineaGuinea-BissauHong Kong SAR ChinaHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIrelandIsraelItalyJapanKazakhstanKuwaitLatviaLebanonLiberiaLibyaLithuaniaLuxembourgMacao SAR ChinaMalaysiaMaldivesMarshall IslandsMexicoMontenegroMyanmar (Burma)NepalNetherlandsNew ZealandNicaraguaNigeriaNorwayPakistanParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaSaudi ArabiaSerbiaSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSouth AfricaSouth KoreaSpainSri LankaSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTurkeyUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayVenezuelaVietnam  Mar 07, 2025  Mar 14, 2025  Mar 17, 2025  Mar 19, 2025  Mar 20, 2025  Mar 21, 2025  Mar 28, 2025  Mar 30, 2025  Apr 04, 2025  Apr 05, 2025  Apr 11, 2025  Apr 18, 2025  Apr 20, 2025  Apr 25, 2025  Apr 30, 2025  May 02, 2025  May 09, 2025  May 15, 2025  May 16, 2025  May 17, 2025  May 23, 2025  May 30, 2025  Jun 06, 2025  Jun 10, 2025  Jun 13, 2025  Jun 19, 2025  Jun 20, 2025  Jun 25, 2025  Jun 27, 2025  Jun 28, 2025  Jul 02, 2025  Jul 04, 2025  Jul 11, 2025  Jul 18, 2025  Jul 25, 2025  Aug 01, 2025  Aug 04, 2025  Aug 08, 2025  Aug 15, 2025  Aug 22, 2025  Aug 25, 2025  Aug 29, 2025  Sep 01, 2025  Sep 04, 2025  Sep 05, 2025  Sep 12, 2025  Sep 19, 2025  Sep 26, 2025  Oct 03, 2025  Oct 10, 2025  Oct 15, 2025  Oct 17, 2025  Oct 24, 2025  Oct 31, 2025  Nov 07, 2025  Nov 10, 2025  Nov 14, 2025  Nov 15, 2025  Nov 20, 2025  Nov 21, 2025  Nov 26, 2025  Dec 01, 2025  Dec 05, 2025  Dec 19, 2025  Dec 24, 2025  Dec 25, 2025  Dec 29, 2025  Dec 30, 2025  Jan 02, 2026  Jan 09, 2026  Jan 16, 2026  Jan 20, 2026  Jan 23, 2026  Jan 30, 2026  Feb 13, 2026  Feb 14, 2026  Feb 20, 2026  Feb 27, 2026  Mar 06, 2026  Recently viewed List items:  Mickey 17 (2025)AdventureComedyFantasyRobert PattinsonSteven YeunMichael MonroePatsy Ferran  Adventure  Comedy  Fantasy  Robert Pattinson  Steven Yeun  Michael Monroe  Patsy Ferran  Queen of the Ring (2024)BiographyDramaSportEmily Bett RickardsJosh LucasTyler PoseyWalton Goggins  Biography  Drama  Sport  Emily Bett Rickards  Josh Lucas  Tyler Posey  Walton Goggins  In the Lost Lands (2025)ActionAdventureFantasyMilla JovovichDave BautistaArly JoverAmara Okereke  Action  Adventure  Fantasy  Milla Jovovich  Dave Bautista  Arly Jover  Amara Okereke  Night of the Zoopocalypse (2024)AnimationAdventureComedyDavid HarbourBryn McAuleyPaul Sun-Hyung LeeBriana-Lynn Brieiro  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  David Harbour  Bryn McAuley  Paul Sun-Hyung Lee  Briana-Lynn Brieiro  F Marry Kill (2024)ComedyMysteryRomanceLucy HaleVirginia GardnerBrooke NevinSamer Salem  Comedy  Mystery  Romance  Lucy Hale  Virginia Gardner  Brooke Nevin  Samer Salem  There's Still Tomorrow (2023)ComedyDramaHistoryPaola CortellesiValerio MastandreaRomana Maggiora VerganoEmanuela Fanelli  Comedy  Drama  History  Paola Cortellesi  Valerio Mastandrea  Romana Maggiora Vergano  Emanuela Fanelli  The Senior (2023)DramaSportMary Stuart MastersonMichael ChiklisBrandon FlynnRob Corddry  Drama  Sport  Mary Stuart Masterson  Michael Chiklis  Brandon Flynn  Rob Corddry  The Lost Daughter (2024)DramaHorrorMysteryPaloma KwiatkowskiDonal LogueDavid MazouzCamille Sullivan  Drama  Horror  Mystery  Paloma Kwiatkowski  Donal Logue  David Mazouz  Camille Sullivan  Black Bag (2025)DramaThrillerMichael FassbenderGustaf SkarsgårdCate BlanchettTom Burke  Drama  Thriller  Michael Fassbender  Gustaf Skarsgård  Cate Blanchett  Tom Burke  Novocaine (2025)ActionComedyThrillerJack QuaidAmber MidthunderRay NicholsonJacob Batalon  Action  Comedy  Thriller  Jack Quaid  Amber Midthunder  Ray Nicholson  Jacob Batalon  The Day the Earth Blew Up: A Looney Tunes Movie (2024)AnimationAdventureComedyEric BauzaCandi MiloPeter MacNicolCarlos Alazraqui  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Eric Bauza  Candi Milo  Peter MacNicol  Carlos Alazraqui  Opus (2025)DramaAyo EdebiriJohn MalkovichJuliette LewisMurray Bartlett  Drama  Ayo Edebiri  John Malkovich  Juliette Lewis  Murray Bartlett  The Last Supper (2025)DramaHistoryRobert KnepperJames FaulknerJamie WardHenry Garrett  Drama  History  Robert Knepper  James Faulkner  Jamie Ward  Henry Garrett  The World Will Tremble (2025)DramaOliver Jackson-CohenJeremy Neumark JonesCharlie MacGechanGilles Ben-David  Drama  Oliver Jackson-Cohen  Jeremy Neumark Jones  Charlie MacGechan  Gilles Ben-David  Grainne Uaile: The Movie (2025)ActionFionnuala CollinsCiaron DaviesPeter CosgrovePatrick Mc Loughlin  Action  Fionnuala Collins  Ciaron Davies  Peter Cosgrove  Patrick Mc Loughlin  Hans Zimmer  Friends: Diamond in the Desert (2025)MusicTimothée ChalametZendayaChristopher NolanDenis Villeneuve  Music  Timothée Chalamet  Zendaya  Christopher Nolan  Denis Villeneuve  A RAD Documentary (2025)DocumentaryBill AllenMartin AparijoSam BernardJamie Clarke  Documentary  Bill Allen  Martin Aparijo  Sam Bernard  Jamie Clarke  Snow White (2025)AdventureFamilyFantasyRachel ZeglerGal GadotJeremy SwiftTituss Burgess  Adventure  Family  Fantasy  Rachel Zegler  Gal Gadot  Jeremy Swift  Tituss Burgess  The Alto Knights (2025)BiographyCrimeDramaRobert De NiroCosmo JarvisDebra MessingKathrine Narducci  Biography  Crime  Drama  Robert De Niro  Cosmo Jarvis  Debra Messing  Kathrine Narducci  Locked (2025)HorrorThrillerBill SkarsgårdAnthony HopkinsAshley CartwrightMichael Eklund  Horror  Thriller  Bill Skarsgård  Anthony Hopkins  Ashley Cartwright  Michael Eklund  Misericordia (2024)ComedyCrimeDramaFélix KysylCatherine FrotJean-Baptiste DurandSerge Richard  Comedy  Crime  Drama  Félix Kysyl  Catherine Frot  Jean-Baptiste Durand  Serge Richard  Magazine Dreams (2023)DramaJonathan MajorsHarrison PageHarriet Sansom HarrisHaley Bennett  Drama  Jonathan Majors  Harrison Page  Harriet Sansom Harris  Haley Bennett  Death of a Unicorn (2025)ComedyFantasyHorrorJenna OrtegaDavid PasquesiTéa LeoniWill Poulter  Comedy  Fantasy  Horror  Jenna Ortega  David Pasquesi  Téa Leoni  Will Poulter  A Working Man (2025)ActionThrillerJason StathamJason FlemyngMerab NinidzeMaximilian Osinski  Action  Thriller  Jason Statham  Jason Flemyng  Merab Ninidze  Maximilian Osinski  The Woman in the Yard (2025)DramaHorrorThrillerDanielle DeadwylerRussell HornsbyOkwui OkpokwasiliPeyton Jackson  Drama  Horror  Thriller  Danielle Deadwyler  Russell Hornsby  Okwui Okpokwasili  Peyton Jackson  The Friend (2024)DramaBill MurrayNaomi WattsCloé XhauflaireSusan Wands  Drama  Bill Murray  Naomi Watts  Cloé Xhauflaire  Susan Wands  The Penguin Lessons (2024)DramaSteve CooganBjörn GustafssonDavid HerreroJonathan Pryce  Drama  Steve Coogan  Björn Gustafsson  David Herrero  Jonathan Pryce  Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Road Trip (2025)ComedyFamilyHarvey GuillénPaulina ChávezCristo FernándezEva Longoria  Comedy  Family  Harvey Guillén  Paulina Chávez  Cristo Fernández  Eva Longoria  Holy Cow (2024)ComedyDramaClément FaveauMaïwene BarthelemyLuna GarretMathis Bernard  Comedy  Drama  Clément Faveau  Maïwene Barthelemy  Luna Garret  Mathis Bernard  Audrey's Children (2024)BiographyDramaNatalie DormerClancy BrownJimmi SimpsonBrandon Micheal Hall  Biography  Drama  Natalie Dormer  Clancy Brown  Jimmi Simpson  Brandon Micheal Hall  My Love Will Make You Disappear (2025)ComedyRomanceKim ChiuPaulo AvelinoWilma DoesntLovely Abella  Comedy  Romance  Kim Chiu  Paulo Avelino  Wilma Doesnt  Lovely Abella  Kayara (2025)AnimationActionAdventureNaomi SerranoNate BegleKolbe GarzaJaynalie Rios  Animation  Action  Adventure  Naomi Serrano  Nate Begle  Kolbe Garza  Jaynalie Rios  A Minecraft Movie (2025)ActionAdventureComedyJennifer CoolidgeJason MomoaEmma MyersJack Black  Action  Adventure  Comedy  Jennifer Coolidge  Jason Momoa  Emma Myers  Jack Black  Freaky Tales (2024)ActionAdventureComedyPedro PascalTom HanksBen MendelsohnJay Ellis  Action  Adventure  Comedy  Pedro Pascal  Tom Hanks  Ben Mendelsohn  Jay Ellis  The Grove (2025)HorrorMysteryThrillerAcoryé WhiteCarl Anthony Payne IIPsalmsHaley Sims  Horror  Mystery  Thriller  Acoryé White  Carl Anthony Payne II  Psalms  Haley Sims  The Luckiest Man in America (2024)ThrillerShamier AndersonHaley BennettBrian GeraghtyWalton Goggins  Thriller  Shamier Anderson  Haley Bennett  Brian Geraghty  Walton Goggins  A Nice Indian Boy (2024)ComedyDramaRomanceKaran SoniJonathan GroffSunita ManiZarna Garg  Comedy  Drama  Romance  Karan Soni  Jonathan Groff  Sunita Mani  Zarna Garg  Bonhoeffer: Holy Traitor (2025)AdventureBiographyDramaDaniel RoebuckJeremy John WellsEric StrongMatt Grossman  Adventure  Biography  Drama  Daniel Roebuck  Jeremy John Wells  Eric Strong  Matt Grossman  Eric LaRue (2023)DramaJudy GreerPaul SparksAlexander SkarsgårdAlison Pill  Drama  Judy Greer  Paul Sparks  Alexander Skarsgård  Alison Pill  Wish You Were Here!

(2025)DramaJason DurganaCallie ValucciMelissa LopezDolly Archambeau  Drama  Jason Durgana  Callie Valucci  Melissa Lopez  Dolly Archambeau  Warfare (2025)ActionDramaWarJoseph QuinnNoah CentineoCosmo JarvisWill Poulter  Action  Drama  War  Joseph Quinn  Noah Centineo  Cosmo Jarvis  Will Poulter  The Amateur (2025)ActionThrillerJulianne NicholsonJon BernthalRachel BrosnahanCaitríona Balfe  Action  Thriller  Julianne Nicholson  Jon Bernthal  Rachel Brosnahan  Caitríona Balfe  The King of Kings (2025)AnimationFamilyPierce BrosnanOscar IsaacKenneth BranaghUma Thurman  Animation  Family  Pierce Brosnan  Oscar Isaac  Kenneth Branagh  Uma Thurman  Sacramento (2024)ComedyKristen StewartMichael AngaranoMichael CeraMaya Erskine  Comedy  Kristen Stewart  Michael Angarano  Michael Cera  Maya Erskine  Drop (2025)DramaMysteryThrillerMeghann FahyBrandon SklenarViolett BeaneJacob Robinson  Drama  Mystery  Thriller  Meghann Fahy  Brandon Sklenar  Violett Beane  Jacob Robinson  Colorful Stage! The Movie: A Miku Who Can't Sing (2025)AnimationMusicAkinaYu AsakawaNaoto FugaSaki Fujita  Animation  Music  Akina  Yu Asakawa  Naoto Fuga  Saki Fujita  One to One: John  Yoko (2024)DocumentaryBiographyJohn LennonYoko OnoThe Plastic Ono Elephants Memory BandJerry Rubin  Documentary  Biography  John Lennon  Yoko Ono  The Plastic Ono Elephants Memory Band  Jerry Rubin  Sinners (2025)DramaHorrorThrillerJack O'ConnellHailee SteinfeldMichael B. JordanWunmi Mosaku  Drama  Horror  Thriller  Jack O'Connell  Hailee Steinfeld  Michael B. Jordan  Wunmi Mosaku  The Wedding Banquet (2025)ComedyRomanceBowen YangLily GladstoneKelly Marie TranHan Gi-Chan  Comedy  Romance  Bowen Yang  Lily Gladstone  Kelly Marie Tran  Han Gi-Chan  Sneaks (2025)AnimationAdventureComedyAnthony MackieKeith DavidLaurence FishburneMartin Lawrence  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Anthony Mackie  Keith David  Laurence Fishburne  Martin Lawrence  Trip to the Woods (2025)Adventure  Adventure  The Accountant 2 (2025)ActionCrimeDramaBen AffleckJon BernthalCynthia Addai-RobinsonJ.K. Simmons  Action  Crime  Drama  Ben Affleck  Jon Bernthal  Cynthia Addai-Robinson  J.K. Simmons  Until Dawn (2025)DramaHorrorElla RubinOdessa A'zionMichael CiminoJi-young Yoo  Drama  Horror  Ella Rubin  Odessa A'zion  Michael Cimino  Ji-young Yoo  On Swift Horses (2024)DramaDaisy Edgar-JonesJacob ElordiWill PoulterDiego Calva  Drama  Daisy Edgar-Jones  Jacob Elordi  Will Poulter  Diego Calva  The Legend of Ochi (2025)AdventureFamilyFantasyHelena ZengelWillem DafoeEmily WatsonFinn Wolfhard  Adventure  Family  Fantasy  Helena Zengel  Willem Dafoe  Emily Watson  Finn Wolfhard  Cheech and Chong's Last Movie (2024)DocumentaryLou AdlerTommy ChongCheech Marin  Documentary  Lou Adler  Tommy Chong  Cheech Marin  The Shrouds (2024)DramaHorrorSci-FiVincent CasselDiane KrugerGuy PearceSandrine Holt  Drama  Horror  Sci-Fi  Vincent Cassel  Diane Kruger  Guy Pearce  Sandrine Holt  Four Letters of Love (2024)DramaPierce BrosnanHelena Bonham CarterGabriel ByrneDónal Finn  Drama  Pierce Brosnan  Helena Bonham Carter  Gabriel Byrne  Dónal Finn  Skill House (2025)HorrorNeal McDonough50 CentCaitlin CarmichaelLeah Pipes  Horror  Neal McDonough  50 Cent  Caitlin Carmichael  Leah Pipes  Open Secret (2025)DocumentaryTim KennedyKerry DavidClyde EdgertonDavid Zucchino  Documentary  Tim Kennedy  Kerry David  Clyde Edgerton  David Zucchino  The Surfer (2024)ThrillerNicolas CageJulian McMahonNicholas CassimMiranda Tapsell  Thriller  Nicolas Cage  Julian McMahon  Nicholas Cassim  Miranda Tapsell  Thunderbolts (2025)ActionAdventureCrimeSebastian StanFlorence PughLewis PullmanGeraldine Viswanathan  Action  Adventure  Crime  Sebastian Stan  Florence Pugh  Lewis Pullman  Geraldine Viswanathan  The Last Battleship (2025)HorrorSci-FiLew TempleTracee CoccoLexi Marie HawksJessica Zinkowsky  Horror  Sci-Fi  Lew Temple  Tracee Cocco  Lexi Marie Hawks  Jessica Zinkowsky  Words of War (2025)DramaThrillerJason IsaacsCiarán HindsBen MilesMaxine Peake  Drama  Thriller  Jason Isaacs  Ciarán Hinds  Ben Miles  Maxine Peake  Clown in a Cornfield (2025)ComedyHorrorKatie DouglasCarson MacCormacAaron AbramsCassandra Potenza  Comedy  Horror  Katie Douglas  Carson MacCormac  Aaron Abrams  Cassandra Potenza  A Big Bold Beautiful Journey (2025)AdventureDramaFantasyColin FarrellMargot RobbiePhoebe Waller-BridgeHamish Linklater  Adventure  Drama  Fantasy  Colin Farrell  Margot Robbie  Phoebe Waller-Bridge  Hamish Linklater  Lilly (2024)DramaJosh McDermittPatricia ClarksonThomas SadoskiDeirdre Lovejoy  Drama  Josh McDermitt  Patricia Clarkson  Thomas Sadoski  Deirdre Lovejoy  P31 (2025)AdventureFamilyMusicalAlexis AndrewsSean Crayne  Adventure  Family  Musical  Alexis Andrews  Sean Crayne  The Lost Princess (2025)ActionAdventureEric RobertsRobert KnepperGary DourdanCillian O'Sullivan  Action  Adventure  Eric Roberts  Robert Knepper  Gary Dourdan  Cillian O'Sullivan  A Guardian's Heart (2025)ActionRomanceThrillerChelsea GilsonAlexis Baca  Action  Romance  Thriller  Chelsea Gilson  Alexis Baca  The Lost Locket (2025)DramaRomanceSci-Fi  Drama  Romance  Sci-Fi  Final Destination: Bloodlines (2025)HorrorTony ToddMax Lloyd-JonesBrec BassingerRichard Harmon  Horror  Tony Todd  Max Lloyd-Jones  Brec Bassinger  Richard Harmon  Hurry Up Tomorrow (2025)ComedyMusicalThrillerThe WeekndJenna OrtegaBarry KeoghanPaul L. Davis  Comedy  Musical  Thriller  The Weeknd  Jenna Ortega  Barry Keoghan  Paul L. Davis  Magic Farm (2025)ComedyDramaJoe ApollonioCamila del CampoGuillermo JacubowiczValeria Lois  Comedy  Drama  Joe Apollonio  Camila del Campo  Guillermo Jacubowicz  Valeria Lois  The Loot (2025)ActionAdventureComedyZack AveryZane TruskyStella TesterEthan Curtis  Action  Adventure  Comedy  Zack Avery  Zane Trusky  Stella Tester  Ethan Curtis  The Crypto: Beyond (2025)ActionAdventureDramaJoshua CarterJace CarterJordyn BarnettChristian Hernandez  Action  Adventure  Drama  Joshua Carter  Jace Carter  Jordyn Barnett  Christian Hernandez  '90s Babiez (2025)CrimeDramaThrillerAnna OrisBogdan AktamakovAnthony BryantMelissa Lloyd-Wade  Crime  Drama  Thriller  Anna Oris  Bogdan Aktamakov  Anthony Bryant  Melissa Lloyd-Wade  Lilo  Stitch (2025)ActionAdventureComedyHannah WaddinghamTia CarrereBilly MagnussenZach Galifianakis  Action  Adventure  Comedy  Hannah Waddingham  Tia Carrere  Billy Magnussen  Zach Galifianakis  Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning (2025)ActionAdventureThrillerTom CruiseVanessa KirbyHannah WaddinghamAngela Bassett  Action  Adventure  Thriller  Tom Cruise  Vanessa Kirby  Hannah Waddingham  Angela Bassett  The Last Rodeo (2025)DramaNeal McDonoughSarah JonesChristopher McDonaldMykelti Williamson  Drama  Neal McDonough  Sarah Jones  Christopher McDonald  Mykelti Williamson  Karate Kid: Legends (2025)ActionDramaFamilyRalph MacchioJackie ChanJoshua JacksonMing-Na Wen  Action  Drama  Family  Ralph Macchio  Jackie Chan  Joshua Jackson  Ming-Na Wen  Bring Her Back (2025)HorrorSally HawkinsBilly BarrattOlga MillerSally-Anne Upton  Horror  Sally Hawkins  Billy Barratt  Olga Miller  Sally-Anne Upton  The Life of Chuck (2024)DramaFantasySci-FiChiwetel EjioforHarvey GuillénKaren GillanMolly C. Quinn  Drama  Fantasy  Sci-Fi  Chiwetel Ejiofor  Harvey Guillén  Karen Gillan  Molly C. Quinn  Ballerina (2025)ActionThrillerKeanu ReevesAna de ArmasNorman ReedusIan McShane  Action  Thriller  Keanu Reeves  Ana de Armas  Norman Reedus  Ian McShane  The Phoenician Scheme (2025)ActionComedyCrimeScarlett JohanssonTom HanksBill MurrayRupert Friend  Action  Comedy  Crime  Scarlett Johansson  Tom Hanks  Bill Murray  Rupert Friend  Dangerous Animals (2025)HorrorThrillerHassie HarrisonJai CourtneyJosh HeustonElla Newton  Horror  Thriller  Hassie Harrison  Jai Courtney  Josh Heuston  Ella Newton  Crawlers (2025)ActionAdventureHorrorRichard RyanAnniette Sharai CalderonSteve SilverieLuis de Lima  Action  Adventure  Horror  Richard Ryan  Anniette Sharai Calderon  Steve Silverie  Luis de Lima  How to Train Your Dragon (2025)ActionAdventureComedyMason ThamesNico ParkerGerard ButlerJulian Dennison  Action  Adventure  Comedy  Mason Thames  Nico Parker  Gerard Butler  Julian Dennison  Materialists (2025)ComedyRomancePedro PascalChris EvansDakota JohnsonMarin Ireland  Comedy  Romance  Pedro Pascal  Chris Evans  Dakota Johnson  Marin Ireland  Becoming the Night: A Nightwing Story (2025)ActionMichael Angel Loayza Jr.  Action  Michael Angel Loayza Jr.  28 Years Later (2025)HorrorThrillerRalph FiennesAaron Taylor-JohnsonJack O'ConnellJodie Comer  Horror  Thriller  Ralph Fiennes  Aaron Taylor-Johnson  Jack O'Connell  Jodie Comer  Elio (2025)AnimationAdventureComedyYonas KibreabZoe SaldañaBrad GarrettAugust Linn  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Yonas Kibreab  Zoe Saldaña  Brad Garrett  August Linn  Bride Hard (2025)ActionComedyJustin HartleyRebel WilsonAnna ChlumskyAnna Camp  Action  Comedy  Justin Hartley  Rebel Wilson  Anna Chlumsky  Anna Camp  Lost Weekend (2025)Comedy  Comedy  M3GAN 2.0 (2025)HorrorSci-FiThrillerAllison WilliamsJemaine ClementIvanna SakhnoViolet McGraw  Horror  Sci-Fi  Thriller  Allison Williams  Jemaine Clement  Ivanna Sakhno  Violet McGraw  Ponyboi (2024)DramaRiver GalloDylan O'BrienVictoria PedrettiMurray Bartlett  Drama  River Gallo  Dylan O'Brien  Victoria Pedretti  Murray Bartlett  Naya Legend of the Golden Dolphin (2025)AnimationActionAdventureElliot Page  Animation  Action  Adventure  Elliot Page  SKG: Death Row Records - Thru My Eyez (Documentary) (2025)DocumentaryKeith D. RobinsonReggie Wright Sr.Helecia ChoyceE.D.I. Mean  Documentary  Keith D. Robinson  Reggie Wright Sr.  Helecia Choyce  E.D.I.

Mean  Jurassic World: Rebirth (2025)ActionAdventureSci-FiScarlett JohanssonJonathan BaileyRupert FriendManuel Garcia-Rulfo  Action  Adventure  Sci-Fi  Scarlett Johansson  Jonathan Bailey  Rupert Friend  Manuel Garcia-Rulfo  Untitled Universal Event Film (2025)  Divine Soldiers (2025)ActionRachel Pizzolato  Action  Rachel Pizzolato  Untitled Trey Parker  Matt Stone  Kendrick Lamar  Dave Free (2025)ActionComedyMusicalCeleste OctaviaTrell Isaac  Action  Comedy  Musical  Celeste Octavia  Trell Isaac  Touch (2025)ComedyFamilyRomance  Comedy  Family  Romance  To Give or Not to Give: Reparations for Slavery (2025)Drama  Drama  Superman (2025)ActionAdventureFantasyNicholas HoultAlan TudykNathan FillionRachel Brosnahan  Action  Adventure  Fantasy  Nicholas Hoult  Alan Tudyk  Nathan Fillion  Rachel Brosnahan  I Know What You Did Last Summer (2025)HorrorThrillerJennifer Love HewittMadelyn ClineFreddie Prinze Jr.Billy Campbell  Horror  Thriller  Jennifer Love Hewitt  Madelyn Cline  Freddie Prinze Jr.  Billy Campbell  Smurfs (2025)AnimationAdventureComedyHannah WaddinghamNatasha LyonneXolo MaridueñaKurt Russell  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Hannah Waddingham  Natasha Lyonne  Xolo Maridueña  Kurt Russell  The Fantastic Four: First Steps (2025)ActionAdventureSci-FiPedro PascalVanessa KirbyJoseph QuinnEbon Moss-Bachrach  Action  Adventure  Sci-Fi  Pedro Pascal  Vanessa Kirby  Joseph Quinn  Ebon Moss-Bachrach  Together (2025)HorrorSci-FiAlison BrieDamon HerrimanDave FrancoJack Kenny  Horror  Sci-Fi  Alison Brie  Damon Herriman  Dave Franco  Jack Kenny  The Naked Gun (2025)ActionComedyPamela AndersonLiam NeesonKevin DurandPaul Walter Hauser  Action  Comedy  Pamela Anderson  Liam Neeson  Kevin Durand  Paul Walter Hauser  The Bad Guys 2 (2025)AnimationActionAdventureSam RockwellMarc MaronCraig RobinsonAnthony Ramos  Animation  Action  Adventure  Sam Rockwell  Marc Maron  Craig Robinson  Anthony Ramos  Experiment 77 (2025)ThrillerRichard RiehleQuinton AaronKim KopfCampbell Crates  Thriller  Richard Riehle  Quinton Aaron  Kim Kopf  Campbell Crates  Beneath the Storm (2025)ThrillerPhoebe DynevorDjimon HounsouWhitney PeakSami Afuni  Thriller  Phoebe Dynevor  Djimon Hounsou  Whitney Peak  Sami Afuni  Big Tree (2025)Animation  Animation  Untitled Paul Thomas Anderson Event Film (2025)CrimeDramaThrillerLeonardo DiCaprioSean PennBenicio Del ToroWood Harris  Crime  Drama  Thriller  Leonardo DiCaprio  Sean Penn  Benicio Del Toro  Wood Harris  Freakier Friday (2025)ComedyFamilyFantasyJamie Lee CurtisJulia ButtersChad Michael MurrayLindsay Lohan  Comedy  Family  Fantasy  Jamie Lee Curtis  Julia Butters  Chad Michael Murray  Lindsay Lohan  Nobody 2 (2025)ActionComedyCrimeConnie NielsenSharon StoneChristopher LloydBob Odenkirk  Action  Comedy  Crime  Connie Nielsen  Sharon Stone  Christopher Lloyd  Bob Odenkirk  Americana (2023)ActionComedyCrimeSydney SweeneyZahn McClarnonPaul Walter HauserEric Dane  Action  Comedy  Crime  Sydney Sweeney  Zahn McClarnon  Paul Walter Hauser  Eric Dane  Clika (2025)DramaEric RobertsPeter GreeneAlison ChaceMaster P  Drama  Eric Roberts  Peter Greene  Alison Chace  Master P  Caught Stealing (2025)CrimeThrillerVincent D'OnofrioAustin ButlerZoë KravitzLiev Schreiber  Crime  Thriller  Vincent D'Onofrio  Austin Butler  Zoë Kravitz  Liev Schreiber  Another in the Fire (2025)ActionBiographyRandy CoutureLuce RainsShannon RitchLuke Hawx  Action  Biography  Randy Couture  Luce Rains  Shannon Ritch  Luke Hawx  Jessica Frost (2025)ActionFantasySci-Fi  Action  Fantasy  Sci-Fi  The Conjuring: Last Rites (2025)HorrorMysteryThrillerVera FarmigaPatrick WilsonBen HardyGuy Oliver-Watts  Horror  Mystery  Thriller  Vera Farmiga  Patrick Wilson  Ben Hardy  Guy Oliver-Watts  Light of the World (2025)AnimationDavid KayeAdam Kozlick  Animation  David Kaye  Adam Kozlick  Downton Abbey 3 (2025)Michelle DockeryBrendan CoyleAlessandro NivolaJoely Richardson  Michelle Dockery  Brendan Coyle  Alessandro Nivola  Joely Richardson  Untitled Disney (2025)Animation  Animation  Him (2025)HorrorSportMarlon WayansJulia FoxTim HeideckerTyriq Withers  Horror  Sport  Marlon Wayans  Julia Fox  Tim Heidecker  Tyriq Withers  The Bride (2025)DramaHorrorMusicalJake GyllenhaalChristian BaleJohn MagaroPeter Sarsgaard  Drama  Horror  Musical  Jake Gyllenhaal  Christian Bale  John Magaro  Peter Sarsgaard  Saw XI (2025)HorrorTobin BellCostas Mandylor  Horror  Tobin Bell  Costas Mandylor  Gabby's Dollhouse: The Movie (2025)AnimationAdventureComedyLaila Lockhart KranerEduardo FrancoMaria BamfordDonovan Patton  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Laila Lockhart Kraner  Eduardo Franco  Maria Bamford  Donovan Patton  Michael (2025)BiographyDramaHistoryMiles TellerColman DomingoKat GrahamNia Long  Biography  Drama  History  Miles Teller  Colman Domingo  Kat Graham  Nia Long  Roofman (2025)CrimeDramaJuno TempleBen MendelsohnKirsten DunstChanning Tatum  Crime  Drama  Juno Temple  Ben Mendelsohn  Kirsten Dunst  Channing Tatum  The Legend of Johnny Jones (2025)ActionHorrorThrillerDylan PlayfairHector David Jr.Aaron CohenRaven Armando Astone  Action  Horror  Thriller  Dylan Playfair  Hector David Jr.  Aaron Cohen  Raven Armando Astone  We Harvest (2025)HorrorThrillerDrew Dusterhoff  Horror  Thriller  Drew Dusterhoff  Tron: Ares (2025)ActionAdventureSci-FiSarah DesjardinsGillian AndersonJared LetoJeff Bridges  Action  Adventure  Sci-Fi  Sarah Desjardins  Gillian Anderson  Jared Leto  Jeff Bridges  Animal Friends (2025)AnimationActionAdventureAubrey PlazaRyan ReynoldsJason MomoaDan Levy  Animation  Action  Adventure  Aubrey Plaza  Ryan Reynolds  Jason Momoa  Dan Levy  Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam (2025)BiographyDramaMohammad Ali  Biography  Drama  Mohammad Ali  The Black Phone 2 (2025)HorrorEthan HawkeMason ThamesJeremy DaviesMadeleine McGraw  Horror  Ethan Hawke  Mason Thames  Jeremy Davies  Madeleine McGraw  After the Hunt (2025)CrimeDramaThrillerJulia RobertsAndrew GarfieldAyo EdebiriChloë Sevigny  Crime  Drama  Thriller  Julia Roberts  Andrew Garfield  Ayo Edebiri  Chloë Sevigny  Good Fortune (2025)ActionComedyKeanu ReevesKeke PalmerSeth RogenSandra Oh  Action  Comedy  Keanu Reeves  Keke Palmer  Seth Rogen  Sandra Oh  The Watchers (2025)HorrorMike InfanteShelby HunstadMila RoseJacob Pettyjohn  Horror  Mike Infante  Shelby Hunstad  Mila Rose  Jacob Pettyjohn  Detour 95 (2025)ActionHorrorThrillerCraig EdwardsEmily Rose HernandezMatthew Clark "Ghost"Tesha Clark  Action  Horror  Thriller  Craig Edwards  Emily Rose Hernandez  Matthew Clark "Ghost"  Tesha Clark  The Third Parent (2025)HorrorSci-FiThrillerRob LoweRoselyn SanchezCrispin Glover  Horror  Sci-Fi  Thriller  Rob Lowe  Roselyn Sanchez  Crispin Glover  The Evil Within (2025)HorrorThrillerNicolas RoseGiorgio Haddad  Horror  Thriller  Nicolas Rose  Giorgio Haddad  The Running Man (2025)ActionSci-FiThrillerEmilia JonesGlen PowellColman DomingoJosh Brolin  Action  Sci-Fi  Thriller  Emilia Jones  Glen Powell  Colman Domingo  Josh Brolin  Predator: Badlands (2025)HorrorSci-FiElle Fanning  Horror  Sci-Fi  Elle Fanning  Bugonia (2025)ComedySci-FiJesse PlemonsEmma StoneAlicia SilverstoneStavros Halkias  Comedy  Sci-Fi  Jesse Plemons  Emma Stone  Alicia Silverstone  Stavros Halkias  The Cincinnati Spin (2025)CrimeDramaMystery  Crime  Drama  Mystery  Now You See Me 3 (2025)CrimeThrillerWoody HarrelsonRosamund PikeAriana GreenblattJesse Eisenberg  Crime  Thriller  Woody Harrelson  Rosamund Pike  Ariana Greenblatt  Jesse Eisenberg  Indecipherable (2025)HorrorJayden Payne  Horror  Jayden Payne  A Figgly Christmas (2025)AnimationComedyFamilyMatthew Clark "Ghost"Tesha Clark  Animation  Comedy  Family  Matthew Clark "Ghost"  Tesha Clark  Wicked: For Good (2025)FamilyFantasyMusicalCynthia ErivoAriana GrandeJeff GoldblumMichelle Yeoh  Family  Fantasy  Musical  Cynthia Erivo  Ariana Grande  Jeff Goldblum  Michelle Yeoh  David (2025)AnimationFamilyMusical  Animation  Family  Musical  STZ (2025)ComedyHorrorSci-FiAlexis BacaCraig EdwardsEmily Rose HernandezMatthew Clark "Ghost"  Comedy  Horror  Sci-Fi  Alexis Baca  Craig Edwards  Emily Rose Hernandez  Matthew Clark "Ghost"  Zootopia 2 (2025)AnimationActionAdventureJason BatemanFortune FeimsterGinnifer GoodwinKe Huy Quan  Animation  Action  Adventure  Jason Bateman  Fortune Feimster  Ginnifer Goodwin  Ke Huy Quan  The Accident (2025)Jeffrey SchneiderDonna HamblinCathy LochTim O'Hearn  Jeffrey Schneider  Donna Hamblin  Cathy Loch  Tim O'Hearn  Five Nights at Freddy's 2 (2025)HorrorMysteryThrillerMatthew LillardJosh HutchersonElizabeth LailPiper Rubio  Horror  Mystery  Thriller  Matthew Lillard  Josh Hutcherson  Elizabeth Lail  Piper Rubio  Avatar: Fire and Ash (2025)ActionAdventureFantasyZoe SaldañaKate WinsletSigourney WeaverStephen Lang  Action  Adventure  Fantasy  Zoe Saldaña  Kate Winslet  Sigourney Weaver  Stephen Lang  The SpongeBob Movie: Search for Squarepants (2025)AnimationAdventureComedyClancy BrownMark HamillBrian Doyle-MurrayTom Kenny  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Clancy Brown  Mark Hamill  Brian Doyle-Murray  Tom Kenny  The Street Avenger (2025)ActionAdventureCrimeIsaac C. Singleton Jr.Aaron CohenEmily Rose HernandezNate Bynum  Action  Adventure  Crime  Isaac C. Singleton Jr.  Aaron Cohen  Emily Rose Hernandez  Nate Bynum  The Housemaid (2025)ThrillerBrandon SklenarSydney SweeneyAmanda SeyfriedMichele Morrone  Thriller  Brandon Sklenar  Sydney Sweeney  Amanda Seyfried  Michele Morrone  Return of the Living Dead (2025)ComedyHorrorSci-FiAlexander Ward  Comedy  Horror  Sci-Fi  Alexander Ward  Anaconda (2025)ActionAdventureComedySteve ZahnPaul RuddJack BlackThandiwe Newton  Action  Adventure  Comedy  Steve Zahn  Paul Rudd  Jack Black  Thandiwe Newton  Planet Gliese (2025)Sci-Fi  Sci-Fi  Alien Wars: Judgement Day (2025)Sci-FiNick DentDonna HamblinLuc BernierDawn DuVurger  Sci-Fi  Nick Dent  Donna Hamblin  Luc Bernier  Dawn DuVurger  Killer Clown Girls (2025)HorrorMatthew SunderlandJeffrey SchneiderSteve LarkinNick Dent  Horror  Matthew Sunderland  Jeffrey Schneider  Steve Larkin  Nick Dent  Apophis 2029 (2025)DramaJeffrey SchneiderRoman P. MartinezNicolette PullenNick Dent  Drama  Jeffrey Schneider  Roman P. Martinez  Nicolette Pullen  Nick Dent  The King, The Swordsman, and the Sorceress (2025)DramaDeborah DutchJeffrey SchneiderNick DentDonna Hamblin  Drama  Deborah Dutch  Jeffrey Schneider  Nick Dent  Donna Hamblin  Crystal (2025)HorrorJeffrey SchneiderSteve LarkinNick DentNicolette Pullen  Horror  Jeffrey Schneider  Steve Larkin  Nick Dent  Nicolette Pullen  Soulm8te (2025)Sci-FiThrillerClaudia DoumitDavid RysdahlLily SullivanIsabelle Bonfrer  Sci-Fi  Thriller  Claudia Doumit  David Rysdahl  Lily Sullivan  Isabelle Bonfrer  Mutiny (2026)ActionThrillerJason StathamAnnabelle WallisArnas FedaraviciusAdrian Lester  Action  Thriller  Jason Statham  Annabelle Wallis  Arnas Fedaravicius  Adrian Lester  28 Years Later: The Bone Temple (2026)HorrorThriller  Horror  Thriller  Weapons (2026)HorrorJulia GarnerJosh BrolinJune Diane RaphaelBenedict Wong  Horror  Julia Garner  Josh Brolin  June Diane Raphael  Benedict Wong  Aang: The Last Airbender (2026)AnimationActionAdventureDave BautistaRomán ZaragozaJessica MattenDante Basco  Animation  Action  Adventure  Dave Bautista  Román Zaragoza  Jessica Matten  Dante Basco  Mercy (2026)Sci-FiRebecca FergusonChris PrattAnnabelle WallisChris Sullivan  Sci-Fi  Rebecca Ferguson  Chris Pratt  Annabelle Wallis  Chris Sullivan  Send Help (2026)HorrorRachel McAdamsDylan O'BrienDennis HaysbertChris Pang  Horror  Rachel McAdams  Dylan O'Brien  Dennis Haysbert  Chris Pang  Wuthering Heights (2026)DramaMargot RobbieHong ChauJacob ElordiAlison Oliver  Drama  Margot Robbie  Hong Chau  Jacob Elordi  Alison Oliver  GOAT (2026)AnimationAdventureComedyRachna Vasavada  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Rachna Vasavada  Reminders of Him (2026)Romance  Romance  What About Love (2013)DramaRomanceSharon StoneIain GlenAndy GarciaJose Coronado  Drama  Romance  Sharon Stone  Iain Glen  Andy Garcia  Jose Coronado  Three Bags Full: A Sheep Detective Movie (2026)ActionComedyMysteryNicholas GalitzineEmma ThompsonHugh JackmanHong Chau  Action  Comedy  Mystery  Nicholas Galitzine  Emma Thompson  Hugh Jackman  Hong Chau  Scream 7 (2026)HorrorMysteryThrillerScott FoleyIsabel MayMckenna GraceNeve Campbell  Horror  Mystery  Thriller  Scott Foley  Isabel May  Mckenna Grace  Neve Campbell  The Cat in the Hat (2026)AnimationAdventureFamilyMatt BerryBill HaderQuinta BrunsonBowen Yang  Animation  Adventure  Family  Matt Berry  Bill Hader  Quinta Brunson  Bowen Yang  Hoppers (2026)AnimationAdventureComedyJon HammPiper CurdaBobby Moynihan  Animation  Adventure  Comedy  Jon Hamm  Piper Curda  Bobby Moynihan