Latest News  Person of Interest  What We're Watching  Featured Videos  Zoe Saldaña  Stylist Petra Flannery Cover Shoot Behind the Scenes  Mikey Madisons Morning After Her Best Actress Oscar Win  Texts With Demi Moore  The Hollywood Reporter Awards Countdown: Oscars Edition  Ariana Grande Shares Her Hollywood Firsts: Auditioning for Wicked, Being Oscar Nominated  More  Fernanda Torres Reveals Her Reaction To Oscar Nom  Life Growing Up In Brazil In A Family of Actors  Dune: Part Two Crafting the Scene: How Denis Villeneuve Devised the Black-and-White World of House Harkonnen  Mikey Madisons Morning After Her Best Actress Oscar Win  Texts With Demi Moore  The Hollywood Reporter Awards Countdown: Oscars Edition  Ariana Grande Shares Her Hollywood Firsts: Auditioning for Wicked, Being Oscar Nominated  More  Fernanda Torres Reveals Her Reaction To Oscar Nom  Life Growing Up In Brazil In A Family of Actors  Dune: Part Two Crafting the Scene: How Denis Villeneuve Devised the Black-and-White World of House Harkonnen  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify First Contract  Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBOs The White Lotus: The Caucasian Lotus  The Spies Among Us Shows a Victim Talking to Ex-Stasi Officers, Taking You Inside a Surveillance State  Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment  Gaumont TV President Isabelle Degeorges to Receive Series Mania Women in Series Award  Takashi Murakami Puts Cheerful Cherry Blossoms on LA Dodgers, Chicago Cubs Merch for 2025 Tokyo Series Collection  Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBOs The White Lotus: The Caucasian Lotus  CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Tease of a Netflix Doc Is More Interesting to Think About Than to Watch  The Traitors Season 3 Finale: Tearful Twists, Helicopter Hijinks and Backstabbing Besties  Californias Gavin Newsom Opposes Trans Athletes in Womens Sports, Splitting With Progressives  Lady Gaga Says Alter Ego Jo Calderone Was a Way to Explore What She Was Looking for in Men  CBS Cancels SWAT (Again)  Jack Schlossberg Calls Out Cousin RFK Jr.s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Childs Death From Measles  British Columbia Actors Ratify New Deal With North American Producers  Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment  King Charles Partners With Apple Music to Release His Playlist, Featuring Kylie Minogue, Raye and More  Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify First Contract  Your Spring Wardrobe, Sorted: Nordstroms Best Womens Fashion Finds, from Everyday Essentials to Designer Resortwear  Robert Pattinson Reveals Why He Cant Watch Horror Movies Anymore  Streaming Ratings: The Night Agent Scores Third Straight Week at No. 1  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actress and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  Cynthia Erivo Joins Past Lives Star Teo Yoo in Unique Action Thriller Karoshi  Cynthia Erivo Joins 'Past Lives' Star Teo Yoo in Unique Action Thriller 'Karoshi'  'Dungeons  Dragons' Duo John Francis Daley, Jonathan Goldstein to Write Monopoly Movie  Joe Russo Says Robert Downey Jr. Is Researching and "Writing Backstory" for Doctor Doom Role: "He Is So Dialed In"  The Traitors Season 3 Finale: Tearful Twists, Helicopter Hijinks and Backstabbing Besties  Streaming Ratings: 'The Night Agent' Scores Third Straight Week at No. 1  'Vikings' Creator Michael Hirst Sets Next Norse Drama at Amazon  With Running Point, Brenda Song Finally Steps Into Herself  Aimee Lou Wood Finally Finds a Role She Can Sink Her Very British Teeth Into  Patrick Schwarzenegger Is Happy to Bare It All  Noah Centineo, the Internets Boyfriend, Is Now Kicking Ass  With Love, Meghan Lacks a Key Ingredient  Paradise Creator, Star Answer Finale Cliffhangers and What to Expect in Season 2  Andrew Schulz on Interviewing Trump, Embracing Netflix and Finding Comedy in His Fertility Struggles  White Lotus Friendships Get Tested by a Trump Vote Reveal  Movies  Black Bag Review: Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender Cozy Up in Steven Soderberghs Snazzy Spy Thriller  Rule Breakers Review: True-Life Drama About All-Girls Afghan Robotics Team Hits Its Inspirational Marks  In the Lost Lands Review: Milla Jovovich and Dave Bautista in a Stale George R.R. Martin Adaptation  Critics Appreciation: Gene Hackman, a Tough Guy With Infinite Nuance and Boundless Range  Last Breath Review: Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a Taut Deep-Sea Survival Nail-Biter  TV  CHAOS: The Manson Murders Review: Errol Morris Tease of a Netflix Doc Is More Interesting to Think About Than to Watch  Adolescence Review: Netflixs Taut One-Shot Legal Thriller Is More Than Its Gimmick  Deli Boys Review: Hulus Upbeat Crime Comedy Is Mostly Empty Calories  Daredevil: Born Again Review: Disneys Marvel Series Is More of the Same, Mostly for the Better  Critics Notebook: Conan OBrien Helps to Steady an Erratic Oscars Telecast  With Love, Meghan Lacks a Key Ingredient  Conan OBrien Helps to Steady an Erratic Oscars Telecast  How Anora Won, Demi Moore Lost and the Oscars Capped a Tumultuous Awards Season  Why Are Jewish Celebrities in Hollywood So Afraid to Talk About Antisemitism?

Marni Gives Hokas Hollywood-Loved Kicks a Maximalist Makeover In This Springs It Sneaker Collab  A Running List of The White Lotus Brand Collabs Inspired by Season Three  The Office and Polly Pocket Just Squished the Worlds Best Boss and His Crew Into a Coffee Cup  Hailey Bieber Restocks Rhodes Viral Barrier Butter  and the Internet Is Grateful  Aimee Lou Wood Finally Finds a Role She Can Sink Her Very British Teeth Into  From The Housemaid to The Women in Cabin 10: Upcoming Book Adaptations in 2025  Oscar Nights Naked Dresses and History of the Sheer Look  Patrick Schwarzenegger Is Happy to Bare It All  Patrick Wilson on Steamy Laundry Room Scene with Kate Winslet in Little Children: There Were Lots of Bruises  Film Academy CEO Bill Kramer on 2025 Oscars, Karla Sofía Gascón, AI and Trumps DEI Crackdown  Hollywoods Top 25 Power Stylists 2025: The Red-Carpet Visionaries Behind Zoe Saldaña, Glen Powell, Charli XCX, Cynthia Erivo and Troye Sivan  Harry Potter, Big Little Lies and What Not to Pitch Now: HBOs Programming Team Tells All  DEI Is Disappearing In Hollywood. Was It Ever Really Here? Magic Mikey: The Anora Star Just Woke Up With an Oscar. What Other Tricks Does She Have Up Her Sleeve?

Top Story Production managers, production supervisors and production coordinators at the 'Wish' studio negotiated for health and pension benefits as well as higher minimum wage rates. On a recent episode of 'The View,' the panelists discuss a scene from the latest 'White Lotus' episode where the trio of complicated friends learn that one of them voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election. Jamie Coughlin Silverman and Gabriel Silverman say their doc, debuting at SXSW, has parallels to today, from data collection to times "when your neighbors turn on each other, when realities become fractured." Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations.

THR's voice in the geek sphere '1923' actress Isabel May is also starring in the Lionsgate feature. Inside the show and biz of TV The Traitors season three has finally come to an end. Did the Faithfuls succeed or will Reyes and Haynes pull off a victory?

Interviews with the people we're talking about. Spoilers ahead! Go behind the scenes of THRs Style Issue cover shoot with Zoe Saldaña and her stylist Petra Flannery. List items:  TV Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBOs The White Lotus: The Caucasian Lotus On a recent episode of 'The View,' the panelists discuss a scene from the latest 'White Lotus' episode where the trio of complicated friends learn that one of them voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election.

By Carly Thomas  Movies The Spies Among Us Shows a Victim Talking to Ex-Stasi Officers, Taking You Inside a Surveillance State Jamie Coughlin Silverman and Gabriel Silverman say their doc, debuting at SXSW, has parallels to today, from data collection to times "when your neighbors turn on each other, when realities become fractured." By Georg Szalai  News Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations. By Winston Cho  TV News  01:00 am  Shopping  09:27 pm  TV News  07:59 pm  TV Reviews  07:55 pm  TV News  07:13 pm  Politics News  06:40 pm  Music News  05:16 pm  TV News  05:00 pm  General News  04:37 pm  Business News  04:19 pm  Music News  04:06 pm  Music News  04:01 pm  Business News  03:30 pm  Partner Content  03:28 pm  Movie News  03:10 pm  TV News  02:34 pm  General News  02:20 pm  Movie News  02:00 pm  Marni Gives Hokas Hollywood-Loved Kicks a Maximalist Makeover In This Springs It Sneaker Collab  A Running List of The White Lotus Brand Collabs Inspired by Season Three  The Office and Polly Pocket Just Squished the Worlds Best Boss and His Crew Into a Coffee Cup  Hailey Bieber Restocks Rhodes Viral Barrier Butter  and the Internet Is Grateful  Arts From The Housemaid to The Women in Cabin 10: Upcoming Book Adaptations in 2025 By Lexy Perez  Style Oscar Nights Naked Dresses and History of the Sheer Look By Laurie Brookins  Subscribe Sign Up  Cover Story Hollywoods Top 25 Power Stylists 2025: The Red-Carpet Visionaries Behind Zoe Saldaña, Glen Powell, Charli XCX, Cynthia Erivo and Troye Sivan By Produced and edited by Carol McColgin  TV Harry Potter, Big Little Lies and What Not to Pitch Now: HBOs Programming Team Tells All By Lacey Rose  Business DEI Is Disappearing In Hollywood. Was It Ever Really Here?

By Winston Cho, Alex Weprin  Cover Story Magic Mikey: The Anora Star Just Woke Up With an Oscar. What Other Tricks Does She Have Up Her Sleeve? By Scott Feinberg

---

Got a Confidential Tip for The Hollywood Reporter? Ways to Provide News Tips  Steps You Can Take to Stay Anonymous  Tipline Form  Email  U.S. Mail If you have information that you want to share about troubling activities within or connected to the entertainment industry, please let The Hollywood Reporter know.

This publication is committed to accurate, fair, diligent investigative journalism. But this cant happen without your crucial help. Knowledge of misconduct, discrimination, impropriety, corruption and other forms of wrongdoing need to be brought to our attention so we can in turn investigate the issue. Heres how you can share your story with us easily, safely and, if you desire, confidentially.

This form is completely confidential. Your name and email are not required. However, the best tips (most likely to yield coverage) include actionable suggestions on how to obtain documentation or evidence that would substantiate the story.

Messages are reviewed regularly, but we cannot promise an individual response. Submit Δ Send an e-mail directly to tipsthr.com. This is not the place to submit press releases or obituaries.

Scroll through our Masthead to find a specific reporter or editor. The Hollywood Reporter  Confidential Tips11355 W Olympic BlvdLos Angeles, CA 90064 Dont contact us from your home or work computer or internet connection. Use a public wi-fi network in an area where your screen is not visible to security cameras. Use separate accounts from the ones you usually use for email, Google, social media, etc. for contact and browsing activity related to your tip.

Consider downloading Tor browser and using a secure operating system like Tails. Avoid personal communication with us via email, phone or social media. Someone investigating a leak may be able to discover you by tracing your habits. Delete everything.

Erase documents, web history, messages, proof of contact, do not keep trails of communication or activity anywhere that is normally accessible. Dont tell anyone that youre a source. ---

Latest News  Californias Gavin Newsom Opposes Trans Athletes in Womens Sports, Splitting With Progressives  Lady Gaga Says Alter Ego Jo Calderone Was a Way to Explore What She Was Looking for in Men  Jack Schlossberg Calls Out Cousin RFK Jr.s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Childs Death From Measles  Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment  King Charles Partners With Apple Music to Release His Playlist, Featuring Kylie Minogue, Raye and More  Pamela Bach, Baywatch Actress and David Hasselhoffs Ex-Wife, Dies at 62  The Future of Reggae and Dancehall Discussed at Island Music Conference in Jamaica  Olivia Rodrigo and The 1975 to Headline Glastonbury 2025  Mercury Records Taps Tyler Arnold as Chairman and CEO, Ben Adelson as President and COO  Gwyneth Paltrow Says She Drank Every Night During L.A. Wildfires  Roy Ayers, Jazz-Funk Musician Behind Everybody Loves the Sunshine, Dies at 84  Steve Carell Helps L.A. Students Affected by the Fires Go to Prom for Free  80s Cruise Bands Singer to Skip Show After Fiancée Went Overboard  Hamilton Cancels Kennedy Center Run After Trump Takeover  Joshua Jackson Excited for the Opportunity to Rebuild His Childhood Home After L.A. Fires  Neil Gaiman Says WhatsApp Messages Prove Former Nannys Claims of Rape Are a Sham: Shes a Fantasist "[Jo was] also what I was maybe lacking in myself," Gaga said. Almost every single case of measles is in someone whos not vaccinated.

I think youre the perfect person to say sorry," the outspoken Democratic advocate said. Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations.

In an extraordinarily personal insight into Charles III's music taste, 'The King's Music Room' was recorded at Buckingham Palace in his private office. They were married for 17 years and share two daughters. I would really like for the artists to come in and make connections and understand the game and not get fucked like the old ones did, said Shaggy of the third annual confab. Neil Young, Charli XCX, Noah Kahan, The Prodigy, Raye, Loyle Carner, Gracie Abrams and more have also been confirmed to perform at the U.K.'s biggest music festival. Mercury Records announced the executives promotions on Tuesday, both having been with the company since its relaunch in 2022.

The Oscar winner also opens up about how alcohol impacted her menopause symptoms. The vibraphonist's hits have been sampled by Mary J. Blige, Common, Tyler, the Creator and Kanye West. 'The Office' star partnered with Alice's Kids, which is providing prom tickets to high school seniors. Faster Pussycat is still planning to perform its scheduled show, but without lead singer Taime Downe after his fiancée went missing and is presumed dead.

Producer Jeffrey Seller said the show could not participate in the "new culture" of the institution. Jackson lost his childhood home, which is also where he had raised his four-year-old daughter, in the Palisades fire. The author has been accused of repeatedly raping and assaulting Scarlett Pavlovich while she was working for his family in New Zealand in 2022.

List items:  News Lady Gaga Says Alter Ego Jo Calderone Was a Way to Explore What She Was Looking for in Men "[Jo was] also what I was maybe lacking in myself," Gaga said. By Lexi Carson  General News Jack Schlossberg Calls Out Cousin RFK Jr.s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Childs Death From Measles Almost every single case of measles is in someone whos not vaccinated. I think youre the perfect person to say sorry," the outspoken Democratic advocate said. By Carly Thomas  News Sean Diddy Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations.

By Winston Cho  Music News  10 hours ago  By Lily Ford  General News  11 hours ago  By The Associated Press, THR Staff  Music News  14 hours ago  By Janeé Bolden  Music News  1 day ago  By Lily Ford  Music News  1 day ago  By Nicole Fell  General News  1 day ago  By Carly Thomas  Music News  1 day ago  By Zoe G. Phillips  Local News  1 day ago  By Lexi Carson  General News  1 day ago  By James Hibberd  Politics News  1 day ago  By Caitlin Huston  Local News  1 day ago  By Zoe G. Phillips  General News  2 days ago  By Lily Ford