The battery industry has entered a new phase  Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Important message for WDS users  Latest news, commentaries and reports  The world is moving at speed into the Age of Electricity  The links between energy, trade and manufacturing  Shaping a secure and sustainable energy future for all  The IEA is at the heart of the global dialogue on energy Electricity 2025 is out now The worlds consumption of electricity is forecast to rise at its fastest pace in recent years, growing at close to 4 annually through 2027 as power use climbs in a range of sectors across the economy. Our latest market analysis provides a deep and comprehensive look at the key drivers, as well as the other trends and policy developments shaping the sector. Data visualisations and other interactive tools Free and paid data sets from across the energy system Past, existing or planned government policies and measures Access every chart published across IEA reports and analysis World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Explore our other newsletters Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy List items:  Critical Minerals Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Investment Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  Nuclear IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  Energy Security European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print

---

The battery industry has entered a new phase  Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Important message for WDS users  Latest news, commentaries and reports  The world is moving at speed into the Age of Electricity  The links between energy, trade and manufacturing  Shaping a secure and sustainable energy future for all  The IEA is at the heart of the global dialogue on energy Electricity 2025 is out now The worlds consumption of electricity is forecast to rise at its fastest pace in recent years, growing at close to 4 annually through 2027 as power use climbs in a range of sectors across the economy. Our latest market analysis provides a deep and comprehensive look at the key drivers, as well as the other trends and policy developments shaping the sector.

Data visualisations and other interactive tools Free and paid data sets from across the energy system Past, existing or planned government policies and measures Access every chart published across IEA reports and analysis World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Explore our other newsletters Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy World Energy Outlook Energy Technology Perspectives Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy List items:  Critical Minerals Tracing measures can help ensure secure and responsible critical mineral supply chains  Investment Rising component prices and supply chain pressures are hindering the development of transmission grid infrastructure  Nuclear IEA Committee on Energy Research and Technology focuses on nuclear fusion at thematic workshop  Energy Security European gas market volatility puts continued pressure on competitiveness and cost of living  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print  Share on Twitter Twitter  Share on Facebook Facebook  Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn  Share on Email Email  Share on Print Print

---

Important message for WDS users We work with a broad range of international organisations and forums to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems Our technology programme provides the basis for international public and private research partnerships We help ensure a quick and effective response to energy supply disruptions through emergency response measures and other mechanisms We carry out training activities around the world on energy statistics, modelling, technology, energy efficiency and policies for clean energy transitions Executive Director Executive Director As the Executive Director of the International Energy Agency, Dr Fatih Birol (fbirol) has moved the Agency to the forefront of global efforts to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems. After taking office, Dr Birol led the IEA in its first comprehensive modernisation programme since its creation in 1974. These efforts focused on broadening the IEAs energy security focus beyond oil to also cover electricity, natural gas, renewables and critical minerals; making the IEA the global hub for energy efficiency and advanced energy technologies; and opening the doors of the IEA to major emerging economies. With new governments joining the IEA Family under his tenure, its share of global energy demand has risen from 40 to almost 80.

Dr Birol took up his position after rising through the ranks of the IEA over two decades. He has been named in the TIME100, TIME's annual list of the world's most influential people. He has also been named by Forbes as one of the most influential people in the world of energy and by the Financial Times as the Energy Personality of the Year. Dr Birol has received the highest civilian awards from numerous countries around the world for his work on energy economics and related issues.

He chairs the World Economic Forums (Davos) Energy Advisory Board. Before the IEA, Dr Birol worked at the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). He earned a BSc degree in power engineering from the Technical University of Istanbul and received an MSc and PhD in energy economics from the Technical University of Vienna.

He is an honorary life member of Galatasaray Football Club. Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Mary Warlick (AmbMaryWarlick), a retired senior career diplomat and former U.S. ambassador to Serbia, led the State Departments Bureau of Energy Resources as the Acting Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs from January  September 2017 and served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary from 2014 to 2017. In these roles, she advised the Secretary of State on energy diplomacy initiatives to promote global energy security, energy access and governance across Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. During this time, she served for three years as a U.S. representative on the IEA Governing Board and as Chair of the Standing Group on Long-Term Cooperation. Since then, she has served as team leader for the IEAs recent in-depth peer reviews of the energy policies in the Netherlands and Canada.

During her diplomatic career, Ms. Warlick held a variety of other senior leadership positions in Washington and overseas at the Department of State, the National Security Council, and the Department of Defense. In particular, she has extensive foreign policy experience working on Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, including previous assignments as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Russia, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, and Director of the State Departments Office of Russian Affairs and the Office of Ukraine, Moldova and Belarus Affairs. She also served as Minister-Counselor for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow and as U.S. Consul General in Melbourne, Australia, with earlier assignments in Germany, the Philippines, and Bangladesh. Ms. Warlick holds a B.A.

in Political Science from Valparaiso University in Indiana, and an M.A in Law and Diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy. In addition to her prior service on the IEA Governing Board, she served previously on the board of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative. She is a recipient of The Secretary of States Career Achievement Award, The Secretary of States Award for Public Outreach, and The Office of the Secretary of Defense Medal for Exceptional Public Service.

Director, Energy Markets and Security Director, Energy Markets and Security Keisuke Sadamori took up his duties as Director of the Office for Energy Markets and Security at the International Energy Agency in October 2012. Previously, he held the post of Deputy Director General for Policy Co-ordination at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in Japan. He had been involved with the IEA for a number of years as IEA Governing Board Representative for Japan and as Co-Chair of the Standing Group on Long Term Co-operation. Over the years, Mr Sadamori has served in the Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Japan and has co-ordinated numerous important projects, including work following the Fukushima-Daiichi accident in March 2011.

Chief Management Officer Chief Management Officer Claire Bouteille joined the IEA as Chief Management Officer in May 2013. As head of the Office of Management and Administration (OMA), she has overall responsibility for the Finance Unit, the Information Systems Unit, the Building and Operations Unit, and Human Resource issues. She was formerly the Head of Corporate Services at the British Embassy Paris, Foreign and Commonwealth Office, with direct responsibility for the leadership and management of that section, and responsibility for human resources, finance and budget management, information technology, communications, security, transport and logistics, and the bilateral Ambassador's Residence. Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Laura Cozzi (Laura_Cozzi_) was appointed the International Energy Agencys Director of Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks in 2023.

She leads and co-ordinates the IEAs work on energy sustainability, encompassing energy technology policy and climate change. She is also the Agencys Chief Energy Modeller and in this capacity co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEAs flagship publication series. Ms Cozzi joined the IEA in 1999 as a junior analyst in the World Energy Outlook team.

She has co-led many editions of the Outlook and led multiple special reports. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Cozzi worked for the Italian energy company ENI S.p.A. She holds a Masters degree in Environmental Engineering from Polytechnic Milan and a Masters degree in Energy and Environmental Economics from Eni Corporate University. Ms Cozzi has been awarded Cavaliere dellordine del merito della repubblica italiana in 2025. She has also been elected to the National Academy of Technologies of France as a member, and she has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate degree from Swedens KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2024. Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Dan Dorner took up his duties as Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office at the International Energy Agency in December 2022.

Previously, he was Head of Secretariat for the Clean Energy Ministerial (CEM), a global forum tasked with accelerating clean energy transitions. Mr Dorners involvement with the IEA goes back more than a decade, having worked as a lead author for the Agencys flagship World Energy Outlook report and serving as the Executive Directors Sherpa to the United Nations. Over the years, he has also held a variety of positions in the British government, serving as the UKs Head of International Energy and as a senior adviser and analyst at the Treasury Department. Chief Energy Economist Chief Energy Economist Tim Gould was appointed the Agency's Chief Energy Economist in 2021.

As Chief Energy Economist, he provides strategic advice on energy economics across a wide range of IEA activities and analysis. Mr Gould is also Head of the Office of the Chief Energy Economist, in which capacity he co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEA's flagship publication series, and oversees the Agency's work on investment and finance, including the World Energy Investment report. Mr Gould joined the IEA in 2008, initially as a specialist on Russian and Caspian energy, and in recent years has designed and directed a wide range of IEA analytical outputs, while continuing to contribute also as an author. Prior to joining the IEA, Mr Gould worked on European and Eurasian energy issues in Brussels and has ten years of experience in Eastern Europe, primarily in Ukraine.

He graduated from Oxford University and has a post-graduate diploma from the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University. Chief Statistician Chief Statistician Nick Johnstone took up his duties as Chief Statistician and Head of the Energy Data Centre in February 2019. Previously he provided support to the work of the Committee on Industry, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) in the Directorate for Science, Technology and Innovation at the OECD. He began his career at the OECD 1999, taking up the position of Head of the Empirical Policy Analysis Unit in the Environment Directorate.

He previously held positions as a Research Associate at the International Institute for Environment and Development, and as a Research Officer at the Department of Applied Economics of the University of Cambridge. He holds a PhD in Economics from the University of Cambridge (UK), and has published widely in leading journals in the areas of energy, innovation, and environmental economics. Chief Legal Counsel Chief Legal Counsel Pascal Laffont took up his duties as Chief Legal Counsel and Secretary to the IEA Governing Board, in June 2012. His previous post was in Doha for the Government of Qatar (2010-2012).

Before that, he served in the Energy Charter, Brussels (2001-2010). He started his professional life in legal private practice in London and Hong Kong (1996-2001). He qualified as a lawyer in France and England and is admitted to practise law in England and Hong Kong. Pascal Laffont is a Senior Executive Fellow, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.

Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Sue-Ern Tan is the Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre established in Singapore at the end of 2024. The Office is the first outside of the IEAs Paris headquarters in its 50-year history and will provide policy guidance, technical assistance, training and capacity building across areas such as scaling-up the deployment of renewables and other clean energy technologies, increasing cross-border power trade, and improving access to finance for clean energy investment. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Tan worked at Shell plc in senior climate and energy roles at Shells headquarters in London and The Hague and most recently in Singapore as the Head of Policy and Advocacy.

Ms Tan practiced as a lawyer, worked as Ministerial adviser on energy in the Australian Government and was the Deputy CEO of a minerals trade association in Australia. She graduated from University of New South Wales in Australia with a Commerce and Law Degree and is an Eisenhower Fellow representing Australia in the 2017 International Program. Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy Browse current openings Learn about internships We work with a broad range of international organisations and forums to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems Our technology programme provides the basis for international public and private research partnerships We help ensure a quick and effective response to energy supply disruptions through emergency response measures and other mechanisms We carry out training activities around the world on energy statistics, modelling, technology, energy efficiency and policies for clean energy transitions Executive Director Executive Director As the Executive Director of the International Energy Agency, Dr Fatih Birol (fbirol) has moved the Agency to the forefront of global efforts to ensure secure, affordable and sustainable energy systems. After taking office, Dr Birol led the IEA in its first comprehensive modernisation programme since its creation in 1974.

These efforts focused on broadening the IEAs energy security focus beyond oil to also cover electricity, natural gas, renewables and critical minerals; making the IEA the global hub for energy efficiency and advanced energy technologies; and opening the doors of the IEA to major emerging economies. With new governments joining the IEA Family under his tenure, its share of global energy demand has risen from 40 to almost 80. Dr Birol took up his position after rising through the ranks of the IEA over two decades. He has been named in the TIME100, TIME's annual list of the world's most influential people.

He has also been named by Forbes as one of the most influential people in the world of energy and by the Financial Times as the Energy Personality of the Year. Dr Birol has received the highest civilian awards from numerous countries around the world for his work on energy economics and related issues. He chairs the World Economic Forums (Davos) Energy Advisory Board. Before the IEA, Dr Birol worked at the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).

He earned a BSc degree in power engineering from the Technical University of Istanbul and received an MSc and PhD in energy economics from the Technical University of Vienna. He is an honorary life member of Galatasaray Football Club. Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Deputy Executive Director, International Energy Agency Mary Warlick (AmbMaryWarlick), a retired senior career diplomat and former U.S. ambassador to Serbia, led the State Departments Bureau of Energy Resources as the Acting Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs from January  September 2017 and served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary from 2014 to 2017. In these roles, she advised the Secretary of State on energy diplomacy initiatives to promote global energy security, energy access and governance across Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East.

During this time, she served for three years as a U.S. representative on the IEA Governing Board and as Chair of the Standing Group on Long-Term Cooperation. Since then, she has served as team leader for the IEAs recent in-depth peer reviews of the energy policies in the Netherlands and Canada. During her diplomatic career, Ms. Warlick held a variety of other senior leadership positions in Washington and overseas at the Department of State, the National Security Council, and the Department of Defense. In particular, she has extensive foreign policy experience working on Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, including previous assignments as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Russia, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, and Director of the State Departments Office of Russian Affairs and the Office of Ukraine, Moldova and Belarus Affairs.

She also served as Minister-Counselor for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow and as U.S. Consul General in Melbourne, Australia, with earlier assignments in Germany, the Philippines, and Bangladesh. Ms. Warlick holds a B.A. in Political Science from Valparaiso University in Indiana, and an M.A in Law and Diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy. In addition to her prior service on the IEA Governing Board, she served previously on the board of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative.

She is a recipient of The Secretary of States Career Achievement Award, The Secretary of States Award for Public Outreach, and The Office of the Secretary of Defense Medal for Exceptional Public Service. Director, Energy Markets and Security Director, Energy Markets and Security Keisuke Sadamori took up his duties as Director of the Office for Energy Markets and Security at the International Energy Agency in October 2012. Previously, he held the post of Deputy Director General for Policy Co-ordination at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in Japan. He had been involved with the IEA for a number of years as IEA Governing Board Representative for Japan and as Co-Chair of the Standing Group on Long Term Co-operation. Over the years, Mr Sadamori has served in the Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Japan and has co-ordinated numerous important projects, including work following the Fukushima-Daiichi accident in March 2011.

Chief Management Officer Chief Management Officer Claire Bouteille joined the IEA as Chief Management Officer in May 2013. As head of the Office of Management and Administration (OMA), she has overall responsibility for the Finance Unit, the Information Systems Unit, the Building and Operations Unit, and Human Resource issues. She was formerly the Head of Corporate Services at the British Embassy Paris, Foreign and Commonwealth Office, with direct responsibility for the leadership and management of that section, and responsibility for human resources, finance and budget management, information technology, communications, security, transport and logistics, and the bilateral Ambassador's Residence. Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Laura Cozzi (Laura_Cozzi_) was appointed the International Energy Agencys Director of Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks in 2023. She leads and co-ordinates the IEAs work on energy sustainability, encompassing energy technology policy and climate change.

She is also the Agencys Chief Energy Modeller and in this capacity co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEAs flagship publication series. Ms Cozzi joined the IEA in 1999 as a junior analyst in the World Energy Outlook team. She has co-led many editions of the Outlook and led multiple special reports. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Cozzi worked for the Italian energy company ENI S.p.A. She holds a Masters degree in Environmental Engineering from Polytechnic Milan and a Masters degree in Energy and Environmental Economics from Eni Corporate University.

Ms Cozzi has been awarded Cavaliere dellordine del merito della repubblica italiana in 2025. She has also been elected to the National Academy of Technologies of France as a member, and she has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate degree from Swedens KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2024. Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office Dan Dorner took up his duties as Head of the Strategic Initiatives Office at the International Energy Agency in December 2022. Previously, he was Head of Secretariat for the Clean Energy Ministerial (CEM), a global forum tasked with accelerating clean energy transitions.

Mr Dorners involvement with the IEA goes back more than a decade, having worked as a lead author for the Agencys flagship World Energy Outlook report and serving as the Executive Directors Sherpa to the United Nations. Over the years, he has also held a variety of positions in the British government, serving as the UKs Head of International Energy and as a senior adviser and analyst at the Treasury Department. Chief Energy Economist Chief Energy Economist Tim Gould was appointed the Agency's Chief Energy Economist in 2021. As Chief Energy Economist, he provides strategic advice on energy economics across a wide range of IEA activities and analysis.

Mr Gould is also Head of the Office of the Chief Energy Economist, in which capacity he co-leads the World Energy Outlook, the IEA's flagship publication series, and oversees the Agency's work on investment and finance, including the World Energy Investment report. Mr Gould joined the IEA in 2008, initially as a specialist on Russian and Caspian energy, and in recent years has designed and directed a wide range of IEA analytical outputs, while continuing to contribute also as an author. Prior to joining the IEA, Mr Gould worked on European and Eurasian energy issues in Brussels and has ten years of experience in Eastern Europe, primarily in Ukraine.

He graduated from Oxford University and has a post-graduate diploma from the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University. Chief Statistician Chief Statistician Nick Johnstone took up his duties as Chief Statistician and Head of the Energy Data Centre in February 2019. Previously he provided support to the work of the Committee on Industry, Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) in the Directorate for Science, Technology and Innovation at the OECD. He began his career at the OECD 1999, taking up the position of Head of the Empirical Policy Analysis Unit in the Environment Directorate.

He previously held positions as a Research Associate at the International Institute for Environment and Development, and as a Research Officer at the Department of Applied Economics of the University of Cambridge. He holds a PhD in Economics from the University of Cambridge (UK), and has published widely in leading journals in the areas of energy, innovation, and environmental economics. Chief Legal Counsel Chief Legal Counsel Pascal Laffont took up his duties as Chief Legal Counsel and Secretary to the IEA Governing Board, in June 2012. His previous post was in Doha for the Government of Qatar (2010-2012). Before that, he served in the Energy Charter, Brussels (2001-2010).

He started his professional life in legal private practice in London and Hong Kong (1996-2001). He qualified as a lawyer in France and England and is admitted to practise law in England and Hong Kong. Pascal Laffont is a Senior Executive Fellow, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.

Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre Sue-Ern Tan is the Head of the IEA Regional Cooperation Centre established in Singapore at the end of 2024. The Office is the first outside of the IEAs Paris headquarters in its 50-year history and will provide policy guidance, technical assistance, training and capacity building across areas such as scaling-up the deployment of renewables and other clean energy technologies, increasing cross-border power trade, and improving access to finance for clean energy investment. Prior to joining the IEA, Ms Tan worked at Shell plc in senior climate and energy roles at Shells headquarters in London and The Hague and most recently in Singapore as the Head of Policy and Advocacy. Ms Tan practiced as a lawyer, worked as Ministerial adviser on energy in the Australian Government and was the Deputy CEO of a minerals trade association in Australia.

She graduated from University of New South Wales in Australia with a Commerce and Law Degree and is an Eisenhower Fellow representing Australia in the 2017 International Program. Understand the global energy system Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Keep up with the global dialogue on energy Browse current openings Learn about internships List items:  75 of global energy consumption  64.4 of global energy production  77 of global CO2 emissions  87 of global clean energy investment