Education transforms lives  Advancing education in Africa  Our priorities  Keeping up the momentum to transform education  Long reads  Leading and monitoring education  UNESCO stories  7 ways countries are transforming education  Photo essay: How UNESCO is supporting Afghan girls and women with literacy classes  Key facts  Take action  Video playlist  Calendar  News  Publications  More publications  UNESCO Prizes on education  Subscribe to "Education Transforms Lives" newsletter 19 March to unlock learning and inclusion UNESCO advances key competencies for teachers and learners UNESCO mobilizes for Holocaust remembrance Education transforms lives and is at the heart of UNESCOs mission to build peace, eradicate poverty and drive sustainable development. It is a human right for all throughout life. The Organization is the only United Nations agency with a mandate to cover all aspects of education. It has been entrusted to lead the Global Education 2030 Agenda through Sustainable Development Goal 4.

UNESCO provides global and regional leadership in education, strengthens education systems worldwide and responds to contemporary global challenges through education with gender equality as an underlying principle. Its work encompasses quality educational development from pre-school to higher education and beyond. UNESCO is leading efforts to advance education across Africa, driven by its strong commitment to ensure inclusive, equitable quality education for all. Various initiatives aimed at improving access to education, enhancing the quality of teaching, and promoting lifelong learning opportunities are making positive impact throughout the continent.

Leading the transformation of learning to address the climate crisis as part of education for sustainable development Steering technology in education on our terms Setting a roadmap to build more peaceful, just and sustainable societies Ensuring the right to education in emergencies and building resilience in the face of crisis A new UNESCO report provides insight into how countries are accelerating progress towards the global Sustainable Development Goal on education (SDG 4). Discover examples of countries actions to transform their education systems. UNESCO believes in the transformative power of education for girls and women in Afghanistan and its fundamental impact on the future generation of Afghan people. Learning how to read and write not only means a better life for girls and women  it also entails a bright future for the society with an empowered population. allocate less than 4 of their GDP to education lack basic literacy skills must be recruited to achieve universal primary and secondary education by 2030 are out of school globally Join UNESCO's right to education campaign Education transforms lives.

Every day around the globe. This playlist shows UNESCOs action in education and our vision for the future of learning. 19 March to unlock learning and inclusion UNESCO advances key competencies for teachers and learners UNESCO mobilizes for Holocaust remembrance Education transforms lives and is at the heart of UNESCOs mission to build peace, eradicate poverty and drive sustainable development. It is a human right for all throughout life. The Organization is the only United Nations agency with a mandate to cover all aspects of education.

It has been entrusted to lead the Global Education 2030 Agenda through Sustainable Development Goal 4. UNESCO provides global and regional leadership in education, strengthens education systems worldwide and responds to contemporary global challenges through education with gender equality as an underlying principle. Its work encompasses quality educational development from pre-school to higher education and beyond. UNESCO is leading efforts to advance education across Africa, driven by its strong commitment to ensure inclusive, equitable quality education for all.

Various initiatives aimed at improving access to education, enhancing the quality of teaching, and promoting lifelong learning opportunities are making positive impact throughout the continent. Leading the transformation of learning to address the climate crisis as part of education for sustainable development Steering technology in education on our terms Setting a roadmap to build more peaceful, just and sustainable societies Ensuring the right to education in emergencies and building resilience in the face of crisis A new UNESCO report provides insight into how countries are accelerating progress towards the global Sustainable Development Goal on education (SDG 4). Discover examples of countries actions to transform their education systems. UNESCO believes in the transformative power of education for girls and women in Afghanistan and its fundamental impact on the future generation of Afghan people. Learning how to read and write not only means a better life for girls and women  it also entails a bright future for the society with an empowered population.

allocate less than 4 of their GDP to education lack basic literacy skills must be recruited to achieve universal primary and secondary education by 2030 are out of school globally Join UNESCO's right to education campaign Education transforms lives. Every day around the globe. This playlist shows UNESCOs action in education and our vision for the future of learning. List items:  Home  About us Who we are What we do  Who we are  What we do  International cooperation SDG4 coordination G20 Education Working Group Global Education Monitoring Report Global Coalition for Education UNESCO Chairs and UNITWIN Networks Global network of technical and vocational education and training institutions Global network of learning cities  SDG4 coordination  G20 Education Working Group  Global Education Monitoring Report  Global Coalition for Education  UNESCO Chairs and UNITWIN Networks  Global network of technical and vocational education and training institutions  Global network of learning cities  All education themes Protecting the right to education Right to education Education in emergencies Inclusion in education Learning throughout life Lifelong learning Early childhood care and education Literacy and adult learning Higher education Technical and vocational education and training Ensuring gender equality in education Education and gender equality Girls and womens education in science and technology Strengthening education systems Teacher education Education policies and strategies Education management, monitoring and evaluation Assessment for improved learning outcomes Curriculum development Educating for peace and the planet Global citizenship and peace education Education about the Holocaust and genocide Countering hate speech Education for sustainable development Health and education Reimagining education Digital learning and transformation of education Futures of Education  Protecting the right to education Right to education Education in emergencies Inclusion in education  Right to education  Education in emergencies  Inclusion in education  Learning throughout life Lifelong learning Early childhood care and education Literacy and adult learning Higher education Technical and vocational education and training  Lifelong learning  Early childhood care and education  Literacy and adult learning  Higher education  Technical and vocational education and training  Ensuring gender equality in education Education and gender equality Girls and womens education in science and technology  Education and gender equality  Girls and womens education in science and technology  Strengthening education systems Teacher education Education policies and strategies Education management, monitoring and evaluation Assessment for improved learning outcomes Curriculum development  Teacher education  Education policies and strategies  Education management, monitoring and evaluation  Assessment for improved learning outcomes  Curriculum development  Educating for peace and the planet Global citizenship and peace education Education about the Holocaust and genocide Countering hate speech Education for sustainable development Health and education  Global citizenship and peace education  Education about the Holocaust and genocide  Countering hate speech  Education for sustainable development  Health and education  Reimagining education Digital learning and transformation of education Futures of Education  Digital learning and transformation of education  Futures of Education  News and stories All UNESCO news on education Education stories Long reads Subscribe to the Education monthly newsletter  All UNESCO news on education  Education stories  Long reads  Subscribe to the Education monthly newsletter  Resources Publications Databases and tools Statistics Videos National education profiles  Publications  Databases and tools  Statistics  Videos  National education profiles  English

---

UNESCO's reconstruction of Mosul's landmarks  The rebirth of Mosul  A decade of action against antisemitism and Holocaust denial  UNESCO celebrates Multilingualism with a new book published in Hawaiian  Pharrell Williams named UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador  Impact stories  Our Vision : SharingHumanity  Building a Stronger Multilateralism  News  Our shared heritage  The UNESCO Courier Mobilizing US115 million and 15 partners, including the United Arab Emirates and the European Union, UNESCO rehabilitated 124 historical homes, renovated 404 classrooms and created more than 7,700 local jobs, while supporting the recovery of Mosuls cultural and intellectual life. By giving Mosul back its spirit, UNESCO has proved that culture can play an essential role in post-conflict reconstruction and the promotion of peace.

UNESCO is the UN agency specifically mandated to promote Holocaust and genocide education. We work with strategic partners to create a future where hate has no place. Over the past 10 years, through its International Programme on Holocaust and Genocide Education (IPHGE), implemented with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, UNESCO has supported 24 countries across the world to integrate the history of the Holocaust and other violent events into their school curricula. 21 February 2025 marks the 25th anniversary of International Mother Language Day (IMLD).

On this occasion, UNESCO and the Ka Haka Ula O Keelikōlani College of Hawaiian Language celebrate the remarkable journey of revitalizing the Hawaiian language. Audrey Azoulay, Director-General of UNESCO, appointed the American artist as UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for Arts Education and Entrepreneurship on Tuesday, December 17, 2024. Committed to promoting social inclusion, equal opportunity and mutual respect through his various artistic, educational and entrepreneurial initiatives, he thus reaffirms his attachment to UNESCO's values.

Since wars begin in the minds of men and women, it is in the minds of men and women that peace must be built. UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We work to strengthen the intellectual and moral solidarity of humankind and bring out the best in our shared humanity. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System, and as a privileged partner of the Group of 20 (G20).

UNESCO shares knowledge, data and expertise to strengthen global coordination in the field of education, the sciences, culture, communication and information, supporting all Member States in the face of current global challenges. UNESCO supports crisis response in regions impacted by armed conflicts and climate related disasters. We support countries to ensure access to quality education, and safeguard cultural heritage and reconstruction. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System.

Find out more about UNESCO's recent achievements in all fields, in every region of the world. UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We celebrate shared values and collective efforts to build a better future UNESCOs magazine  bringing you local perspectives on global issues since 1948.

Available in 6 languages. of exceptional cultural and natural value. transmitted by communities worldwide. where humans and nature coexist.

that shed light on our planets geological heritage. Mobilizing US115 million and 15 partners, including the United Arab Emirates and the European Union, UNESCO rehabilitated 124 historical homes, renovated 404 classrooms and created more than 7,700 local jobs, while supporting the recovery of Mosuls cultural and intellectual life. By giving Mosul back its spirit, UNESCO has proved that culture can play an essential role in post-conflict reconstruction and the promotion of peace.

UNESCO is the UN agency specifically mandated to promote Holocaust and genocide education. We work with strategic partners to create a future where hate has no place. Over the past 10 years, through its International Programme on Holocaust and Genocide Education (IPHGE), implemented with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, UNESCO has supported 24 countries across the world to integrate the history of the Holocaust and other violent events into their school curricula. 21 February 2025 marks the 25th anniversary of International Mother Language Day (IMLD).

On this occasion, UNESCO and the Ka Haka Ula O Keelikōlani College of Hawaiian Language celebrate the remarkable journey of revitalizing the Hawaiian language. Audrey Azoulay, Director-General of UNESCO, appointed the American artist as UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for Arts Education and Entrepreneurship on Tuesday, December 17, 2024. Committed to promoting social inclusion, equal opportunity and mutual respect through his various artistic, educational and entrepreneurial initiatives, he thus reaffirms his attachment to UNESCO's values. Since wars begin in the minds of men and women, it is in the minds of men and women that peace must be built.

UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We work to strengthen the intellectual and moral solidarity of humankind and bring out the best in our shared humanity. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System, and as a privileged partner of the Group of 20 (G20).

UNESCO shares knowledge, data and expertise to strengthen global coordination in the field of education, the sciences, culture, communication and information, supporting all Member States in the face of current global challenges. UNESCO supports crisis response in regions impacted by armed conflicts and climate related disasters. We support countries to ensure access to quality education, and safeguard cultural heritage and reconstruction. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System.

Find out more about UNESCO's recent achievements in all fields, in every region of the world. UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We celebrate shared values and collective efforts to build a better future UNESCOs magazine  bringing you local perspectives on global issues since 1948. Available in 6 languages.

of exceptional cultural and natural value. transmitted by communities worldwide. where humans and nature coexist.

that shed light on our planets geological heritage. ---

Newsroom  UNESCO's action in the Gaza Strip  Palestine  Press Releases  Observatory of Killed Journalists  News  Events  Upcoming International Days  Our Stories Following the Hamas terrorist attack against Israeli civilians on 7 October, the operations of the Israeli army in the Gaza Strip have caused a serious humanitarian crisis affecting all aspects of civilian life. UNESCO is mobilized within the framework of its mandate for education, culture and press freedom. Following the Hamas terrorist attack against Israeli civilians on 7 October, the operations of the Israeli army in the Gaza Strip have caused a serious humanitarian crisis affecting all aspects of civilian life. UNESCO is mobilized within the framework of its mandate for education, culture and press freedom.

List items:  Home  Calendar of Events  Press Releases  News  Stories  Multimedia  Contacts