Empowering women in food and agriculture  31.2  31.5 See why women's empowerment is central to FAOs work Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Women play a vital role in agrifood systems. To grow equality, we need to address the challenges they face.

Join FAOs 80th anniversary by organizing events that highlight actions and innovations for a sustainable food future. Data analyses, policy recommendations, and actions on the ground. Recognizing the right to food upholds the dignity of every person and ensures they can live free from discrimination. Discover how FAO is supporting countries in their National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans for the agrifood sectors.

Access the latest information on domestic prices of basic foods in developing countries. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Christabel Kwasi, a young Ghanaian farmer and mother, learned that with better farming practices, she and her family can rely on fonio all year-round. Fonio is an ancient indigenous West African grain that thrives in arid conditions. An FAO project, in collaboration with chef Fatmata Binta, boosts the cultivation skills and productivity of Ghanaian women fonio producers. Imagine a world where aquatic food systems provide sustainable and healthy food and nutrition while conserving biodiversity and safeguarding the environment.

In this episode, FAO calls for bold action to transform agrifood systems and support biodiversity at the resumed UN Biodiversity Conference, held in Rome; at the G20 Foreign Ministers' meeting in Johannesburg, FAO Director-General stresses that food security is vital for peace, stability and human dignity; and the Green Climate Fund approves funding for FAO-led projects in Serbia and Kenya. Source: Our new transparency portal shows how and where our resources are used and the results we have achieved. Explore the portal now. The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25.

The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25. The FAO Data Lab for Statistical Innovation modernizes the statistical business process, with a specific focus on emergency contexts, when having access to timely information is very important. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. A world free from hunger and malnutrition where food and agriculture contributes to improving the living standards of all FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty.

FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition. FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning.

FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly. FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies.

FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices.

FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger.

FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry.

Good health starts with nutrition. FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly.

FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets.

FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods.

FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. ---

Empowering women in food and agriculture  31.2  31.5 See why women's empowerment is central to FAOs work Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature.

FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Women play a vital role in agrifood systems. To grow equality, we need to address the challenges they face. Join FAOs 80th anniversary by organizing events that highlight actions and innovations for a sustainable food future. Data analyses, policy recommendations, and actions on the ground.

Recognizing the right to food upholds the dignity of every person and ensures they can live free from discrimination. Discover how FAO is supporting countries in their National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans for the agrifood sectors. Access the latest information on domestic prices of basic foods in developing countries. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Christabel Kwasi, a young Ghanaian farmer and mother, learned that with better farming practices, she and her family can rely on fonio all year-round. Fonio is an ancient indigenous West African grain that thrives in arid conditions.

An FAO project, in collaboration with chef Fatmata Binta, boosts the cultivation skills and productivity of Ghanaian women fonio producers. Imagine a world where aquatic food systems provide sustainable and healthy food and nutrition while conserving biodiversity and safeguarding the environment. In this episode, FAO calls for bold action to transform agrifood systems and support biodiversity at the resumed UN Biodiversity Conference, held in Rome; at the G20 Foreign Ministers' meeting in Johannesburg, FAO Director-General stresses that food security is vital for peace, stability and human dignity; and the Green Climate Fund approves funding for FAO-led projects in Serbia and Kenya. Source: Our new transparency portal shows how and where our resources are used and the results we have achieved.

Explore the portal now. The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25. The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25.

The FAO Data Lab for Statistical Innovation modernizes the statistical business process, with a specific focus on emergency contexts, when having access to timely information is very important. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. A world free from hunger and malnutrition where food and agriculture contributes to improving the living standards of all FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition.

FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly.

FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation.

FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives.

FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world.

FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition.

FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly. FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain.

FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation.

FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods.

FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger.

---

Gender We cannot end hunger and poverty without empowering both men and women in agrifood systems. Today, agriculture and food systems face an unprecedented array of challenges. We must feed a growing global population in a context of emerging and persisting crises - economic, energy, environmental, food and social.

These include conflicts, natural disasters, price volatility, market insecurity, mass migrations, health crises, and more, all of which are exacerbated by climate change, depletion of natural resources, rapid urbanization, shifts in dietary patterns and livelihood systems. Faced with these challenges, it is more important than ever to build inclusive, sustainable and resilient agrifood systems, so that the agricultural sector can perform to its full capacity and become more efficient. FAO recognizes that in order to achieve this, we must address the persisting inequalities that effect the underperformance of the agriculture sector in many countries. We need to work with and empower rural women, men, girls and boys.

The new FAO report provides a comprehensive picture of the status of women not only in agriculture, but across agrifood systems. It presents extensive data and lessons learned about gender in agrifood systems, with particular focus on how women participate in and benefit from socio-economic opportunities. The Country Gender Assessment (CGA) provides an update on the situation of women and men in agriculture and the rural sector by country. Based on available data disaggregated by sex and age, each report describes the situation of women and men, as well as their specific roles and opportunities in agriculture and rural economies.

The report also highlights gender disparities in access to productive and natural resources, financial and advisory services and decent employment, as well as the implications for the sustainable management of natural resources, food security and nutrition. The CGA offers concrete recommendations for addressing the gender gap and guiding the design and implementation of gender-responsive agricultural and rural development policies, strategies and programmes. Find out more  Achieving gender equality and social inclusion is essential for realizing the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), particularly in food security, climate... This technical study highlights the role of discriminatory social institutions, unequal power relations and agency in influencing climate resilience... See all publications  Discover Dimitra Clubs, an FAO initiative that empowers communities and drives social change.

Through this approach, men and women take the lead... Discover Dimitra Clubs, an FAO initiative that empowers communities and drives social change. Through this approach, men and women take the lead... Fashion for Fragile Ecosystems connects traditional craftsmanship with ethical fashion, promoting cultural heritage globally while protecting mountain...

Fashion for Fragile Ecosystems connects traditional craftsmanship with ethical fashion, promoting cultural heritage globally while protecting mountain... FAO's The State of Agricultural Commodity Markets 2024 explored the theme, "Trade and nutrition: Policy coherence for healthy diets." The 2024 edition... FAO's The State of Agricultural Commodity Markets 2024 explored the theme, "Trade and nutrition: Policy coherence for healthy diets." The 2024 edition... See more multimedia  This course provides an understanding of key concepts, terminology, practical tools and processes for incorporating gender equality, disability and... This course aims to support parliamentarians in ensuring that adequate financial resources are allocated to achieve food security and gender...

This course aims to support parliamentarians in ensuring that adequate financial resources are allocated to achieve food security and gender... The course aims at facilitating the exchange of promising approaches, tools and good practices that can be used by parliamentarians and policymakers... The course aims at facilitating the exchange of promising approaches, tools and good practices that can be used by parliamentarians and policymakers... This course is intended to strengthen the knowledge and competencies of parliamentarians and policymakers on the relevance of gender issues... This course is intended to strengthen the knowledge and competencies of parliamentarians and policymakers on the relevance of gender issues...

This introduction will bring in the most critical issues affecting gender equality and explain why they are important for building inclusive and... This introduction will bring in the most critical issues affecting gender equality and explain why they are important for building inclusive and... This course presents the set of methods available for assessing losses in the fish value chain. In particular, this course provides guidance to practitioners on how to conduct social analysis to enhance the inclusiveness of agrifood investments....

This is an introduction to a series of three courses designed to provide a diverse audience with the approaches, methods and tools necessary to integrate... This course aims to assist social analystsfield practitioners in generating primary data, using qualitative methods that can help to draw a detailed... This course has been designed to explain how to use the Minimum Dietary Diversity for Women (MDD-W) indicator, with a view to contributing to improved... This course looks closely at the gender issues that are central to the substantially lower rate of engagement of women farmers, compared with men, in...

This course focuses on gender issues and the policy and legal framework for agricultural investment and supply chains. It provides concrete guidance... This course focuses on gender and land issues in the context of agricultural investment. It provides concrete guidance on strategies, approaches and... This course analyses gender issues that should be addressed to foster gender-equitable decent wage employment in agriculture.

It provides concrete guidance... This introduction clarifies the rationale and scope of the e-learning series, the target audience it was designed for, and the different courses that... The development of sustainable food systems is a key component of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

This course discussed why eliminating... The development of sustainable food systems is a key component of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. This course discussed why eliminating... This course is the first in the Rural Poverty Reduction series, and provides an overview of rural poverty, and why it is so important to overcome...

This course is the first in the Rural Poverty Reduction series, and provides an overview of rural poverty, and why it is so important to overcome... This one-lesson course considers the gender dimension of rural migration. As men and women experience migration differently, to reduce the vulnerability... This one-lesson course considers the gender dimension of rural migration. As men and women experience migration differently, to reduce the vulnerability...

Through this mobile resource, you will be able to explore the Principles for responsible investment in agriculture and food systems, endorsed by... Through this mobile resource, you will be able to explore the Principles for responsible investment in agriculture and food systems, endorsed by... This course focuses on SDG Indicator 5.a.1, which is one of two indicators that focus on womens ownership andor control over agricultural land.... This course focuses on SDG Indicator 5.a.1, which is one of two indicators that focus on womens ownership andor control over agricultural land.... See more e-learnings  Gender equality is essential to achieve FAO's mandate of a world free hunger, malnutrition and poverty.

The Organization recognizes that persisting inequalities between women and men are a major obstacle to agriculture and rural development and that eliminating these disparities is essential to building sustainable and inclusive food systems and resilient and peaceful societies. View online  [email protected] List items:  Fisheries and Aquaculture  Gender equality in fisheries and aquaculture  FAO Gender-Lex  Gender mainstreaming  Integrating Agriculture in National Adaptation Plans (NAPs)  Gender  Policy Support and Governance Gateway  Joint Programme on Gender Transformative Approaches for Food Security Improved Nutrition and Sustainable Agriculture (JP-GTA)  UN Joint Programme on Rural Womens Economic Empowerment - JP RWEE  Rural women  Family Farming Knowledge Platform  Technical Cooperation Programme

====================

What Do Fish, Butterflies, and Bats Have to Do With Booze? How the alcohol industry impacts wildlife and tips for sipping more sustainably. Trending Californias Food Recovery Program is the First of its Kind in the US How to Create a Firefly Sanctuary On the Ground With Grocery Stores Redefining How Local Food is Produced On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers These groups are helping reverse historic inequities by offering capital and assistance unavailable through more traditional avenues How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird If youre looking to introduce some feathered friends to your backyard garden or homestead, we can help you figure out where to start.

A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland In Washington State, a unique zoning ordinance will lead to an agrivillage." Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing. What About Biodynamic Businesses? Why farmers are applying the biodynamic philosophy to their businesses.

Spotlight On an Urban Farm Helping Refugees and Immigrants Build Community San Diegos MAKE Farm is the launch pad to a fresh start for dozens of women each year. Opinion: A More Resilient Food System Starts at the Community Level High-functioning networks like food policy councils require time and effortbut if we want systemic change, we cant afford not to invest in them. A Secret Weapon in Agricultures Climate Fight: Ants Ants  yes, ants  could protect apples, nuts, cocoa, and other beloved crops from disease and climate change. As Foodborne Illnesses Sicken Tens of Millions Each Year, FDA Falls Behind on Mandated Inspections A government watchdog criticized the Food and Drug Administration for failing to meet the required level of inspections each year, partly caused by disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic.

In Hawaii, American Farmers Believe They Do Cacao Better Though they produce a fraction of global cacao, Hawaiian producers say their bars are primed to lead the ethical chocolate market. Why Are Restaurants Selling Beef From Dairy Cows? Was that steak you devoured mooing "got milk" before it reached your plate? We delve into the rise of dairy beef and what it means for your plate.

On the Ground with Grocery Stores Ditching Plastic There are over 300,000 grocery stores in the United States. Less than one percent are plastic-free. Why One Group is Suing the Government Over Malathion, a Dangerous Pesticide The US Fish and Wildlife Service drastically changed its position on malathion, claiming the pesticide is safe. One organization says its not, and it is suing to prove it. Short Reads Meet the Native American Farmer Promoting Northern New Mexicos Indigenous Foodways Meet the Modern Farmer Cracking Cold Storage in the Coldest Places Meet the Modern Chef and Forager Duo Bringing Snails to the Menu Team Picks Picked by Emily Baron Cadloff Phonies, Fakes and Food Fraud Picked by Lauren Stephen Who is Feeding Americas Farmworkers?

Picked by Lena Beck An Insane Amount of Water: What Climate Change Means For Californias Biggest Dairy District Follow us Solutions Hub Innovations, ideas and inspiration. Actionable solutions for a resilient food system. From the Archive How to Incubate Chicken Eggs Meet the Modern Farmer Meet the Alaskan Brewers Making Sustainable Beer in One of the Worlds Most Remote Cities Latest Series The Rise of the Community Fridge What Do Fish, Butterflies, and Bats Have to Do With Booze? How the alcohol industry impacts wildlife and tips for sipping more sustainably. Trending Californias Food Recovery Program is the First of its Kind in the US How to Create a Firefly Sanctuary On the Ground With Grocery Stores Redefining How Local Food is Produced On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers These groups are helping reverse historic inequities by offering capital and assistance unavailable through more traditional avenues How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird If youre looking to introduce some feathered friends to your backyard garden or homestead, we can help you figure out where to start.

A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland In Washington State, a unique zoning ordinance will lead to an agrivillage." Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing. What About Biodynamic Businesses?

Why farmers are applying the biodynamic philosophy to their businesses. Spotlight On an Urban Farm Helping Refugees and Immigrants Build Community San Diegos MAKE Farm is the launch pad to a fresh start for dozens of women each year. Opinion: A More Resilient Food System Starts at the Community Level High-functioning networks like food policy councils require time and effortbut if we want systemic change, we cant afford not to invest in them. A Secret Weapon in Agricultures Climate Fight: Ants Ants  yes, ants  could protect apples, nuts, cocoa, and other beloved crops from disease and climate change.

As Foodborne Illnesses Sicken Tens of Millions Each Year, FDA Falls Behind on Mandated Inspections A government watchdog criticized the Food and Drug Administration for failing to meet the required level of inspections each year, partly caused by disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic. In Hawaii, American Farmers Believe They Do Cacao Better Though they produce a fraction of global cacao, Hawaiian producers say their bars are primed to lead the ethical chocolate market. Why Are Restaurants Selling Beef From Dairy Cows? Was that steak you devoured mooing "got milk" before it reached your plate?

We delve into the rise of dairy beef and what it means for your plate. On the Ground with Grocery Stores Ditching Plastic There are over 300,000 grocery stores in the United States. Less than one percent are plastic-free. Why One Group is Suing the Government Over Malathion, a Dangerous Pesticide The US Fish and Wildlife Service drastically changed its position on malathion, claiming the pesticide is safe.

One organization says its not, and it is suing to prove it. Short Reads Meet the Native American Farmer Promoting Northern New Mexicos Indigenous Foodways Meet the Modern Farmer Cracking Cold Storage in the Coldest Places Meet the Modern Chef and Forager Duo Bringing Snails to the Menu Team Picks Picked by Emily Baron Cadloff Phonies, Fakes and Food Fraud Picked by Lauren Stephen Who is Feeding Americas Farmworkers? Picked by Lena Beck An Insane Amount of Water: What Climate Change Means For Californias Biggest Dairy District Follow us Solutions Hub Innovations, ideas and inspiration.

Actionable solutions for a resilient food system. From the Archive How to Incubate Chicken Eggs Meet the Modern Farmer Meet the Alaskan Brewers Making Sustainable Beer in One of the Worlds Most Remote Cities Latest Series The Rise of the Community Fridge What Do Fish, Butterflies, and Bats Have to Do With Booze? How the alcohol industry impacts wildlife and tips for sipping more sustainably. Californias Food Recovery Program is the First of its Kind in the US How to Create a Firefly Sanctuary On the Ground With Grocery Stores Redefining How Local Food is Produced On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers These groups are helping reverse historic inequities by offering capital and assistance unavailable through more traditional avenues How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird If youre looking to introduce some feathered friends to your backyard garden or homestead, we can help you figure out where to start.

A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland In Washington State, a unique zoning ordinance will lead to an agrivillage." Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing. What About Biodynamic Businesses?

Why farmers are applying the biodynamic philosophy to their businesses. Spotlight On an Urban Farm Helping Refugees and Immigrants Build Community San Diegos MAKE Farm is the launch pad to a fresh start for dozens of women each year. Opinion: A More Resilient Food System Starts at the Community Level High-functioning networks like food policy councils require time and effortbut if we want systemic change, we cant afford not to invest in them. A Secret Weapon in Agricultures Climate Fight: Ants Ants  yes, ants  could protect apples, nuts, cocoa, and other beloved crops from disease and climate change.

As Foodborne Illnesses Sicken Tens of Millions Each Year, FDA Falls Behind on Mandated Inspections A government watchdog criticized the Food and Drug Administration for failing to meet the required level of inspections each year, partly caused by disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic. In Hawaii, American Farmers Believe They Do Cacao Better Though they produce a fraction of global cacao, Hawaiian producers say their bars are primed to lead the ethical chocolate market. Why Are Restaurants Selling Beef From Dairy Cows? Was that steak you devoured mooing "got milk" before it reached your plate?

We delve into the rise of dairy beef and what it means for your plate. On the Ground with Grocery Stores Ditching Plastic There are over 300,000 grocery stores in the United States. Less than one percent are plastic-free. Why One Group is Suing the Government Over Malathion, a Dangerous Pesticide The US Fish and Wildlife Service drastically changed its position on malathion, claiming the pesticide is safe.

One organization says its not, and it is suing to prove it. Meet the Native American Farmer Promoting Northern New Mexicos Indigenous Foodways Meet the Modern Farmer Cracking Cold Storage in the Coldest Places Meet the Modern Chef and Forager Duo Bringing Snails to the Menu Picked by Emily Baron Cadloff Phonies, Fakes and Food Fraud Picked by Lauren Stephen Who is Feeding Americas Farmworkers? Picked by Lena Beck An Insane Amount of Water: What Climate Change Means For Californias Biggest Dairy District How to Incubate Chicken Eggs Meet the Alaskan Brewers Making Sustainable Beer in One of the Worlds Most Remote Cities The Rise of the Community Fridge List items:  Facebook  Instagram  LinkedIn  X

---

In Hawaii, American Farmers Believe They Do Cacao Better Spotlight On an Urban Farm Helping Refugees and Immigrants Build Community On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers What Do Fish, Butterflies, and Bats Have to Do With Booze? How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland Why Are Restaurants Selling Beef From Dairy Cows? Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing.

What About Biodynamic Businesses? On the Ground with Grocery Stores Ditching Plastic Opinion: The US Doesnt Grow Enough Food  But We Could In Bad Naturalist, an Author Settles on a Mountain Top and Tries to Farm Why the West Needs Prairie Dogs Opinion: A More Resilient Food System Starts at the Community Level A Secret Weapon in Agricultures Climate Fight: Ants As Foodborne Illnesses Sicken Tens of Millions Each Year, FDA Falls Behind on Mandated Inspections Ready to Garden? Start Here In Hawaii, American Farmers Believe They Do Cacao Better Spotlight On an Urban Farm Helping Refugees and Immigrants Build Community On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers What Do Fish, Butterflies, and Bats Have to Do With Booze? How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland Why Are Restaurants Selling Beef From Dairy Cows?

Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing. What About Biodynamic Businesses? On the Ground with Grocery Stores Ditching Plastic Opinion: The US Doesnt Grow Enough Food  But We Could In Bad Naturalist, an Author Settles on a Mountain Top and Tries to Farm Why the West Needs Prairie Dogs Opinion: A More Resilient Food System Starts at the Community Level A Secret Weapon in Agricultures Climate Fight: Ants As Foodborne Illnesses Sicken Tens of Millions Each Year, FDA Falls Behind on Mandated Inspections Ready to Garden? Start Here In Hawaii, American Farmers Believe They Do Cacao Better Spotlight On an Urban Farm Helping Refugees and Immigrants Build Community On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers What Do Fish, Butterflies, and Bats Have to Do With Booze?

How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland Why Are Restaurants Selling Beef From Dairy Cows? Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing. What About Biodynamic Businesses?

On the Ground with Grocery Stores Ditching Plastic Opinion: The US Doesnt Grow Enough Food  But We Could In Bad Naturalist, an Author Settles on a Mountain Top and Tries to Farm Why the West Needs Prairie Dogs Opinion: A More Resilient Food System Starts at the Community Level A Secret Weapon in Agricultures Climate Fight: Ants As Foodborne Illnesses Sicken Tens of Millions Each Year, FDA Falls Behind on Mandated Inspections Ready to Garden? Start Here List items:  Categories Consumption Farm Food  Tags Access Accountability All Star Animals Aquaculture Archive Biodiversity Books Business Climate Culture  Heritage Ecosystem Education Food  Drink Health Labor Land Meat  Dairy Plants  Crops Policy Series Sustainability Systems Technology Waste Water  Writers Aaron Dorman Aarti Betigeri Abay Yimere Abbie Fentress Swanson Abby Lee Hood Abdul Salam Adam Andrus Adina Solomon Adrian Shirk Adrian White Adrick Brock Adrienne Katz Kennedy Aileen Weintraub Aishwarya Jagani Alanna Hale Alastair Gee Alastair Smith Alecia Wood Alessandro Ossola Aleszu Bajak Alex Baldinger Alex Robinson Alex Yablon Alexa Kurzius Alexandra Jones Alexandra Zissu Alexis Adams Alexis Coe Alica Forneret Alice Bamford Alicia Kirby Alisha McDarris Alison Baitz Alison Gillespie Alison Peel, Peggy Eby, Raina Plowright Alison Wellford Alissa Hessler Aliza Eliazarov Amanda Abrams Amanda McCracken Amanda Perez Pintado Amanda Solliday Amanda Swinimer Amber Bartek Amber Gibson American Farmland Trust Amy Hadden Marsh, Aspen Journalism Amy Halloran Amy Rosen Ana Paula Estrada Ana Pelaez Andre Gallant Andrea Swenson Andrew Amelinckx Andrew Blum Andrew David Thaler Andrew Hayward Andrew Jenner Andrew Mambondiyani Andrew Tsui Andy Wright Andy Wright and Rebecca Katzman Angela Brown Angela Drake Angela Huffman, Farm Action Angeles Rodenas Angi Schneider Anita B. Stone Anja Bless, The Conversation Ann Leslie Davis Ann Marie Gardner Anna Beahm Anna Ben Yehuda Anna Brones Anna Laird Barto, Ambrook Research Anna Lovat Anna Nagurney, The Conversation Anna OBrien Anna Roth Anne N. Connor Anne Wheeler Annie Stoltie Annie Tomlin Annie-Rose Harrison-Dunn Anthony Pahnke Anya Fernald Arese Sylvester Ari LeVaux Ariana Bacle Ariel Kanter Ariel Schwartz Asha Gomez Ashlen Wilder Ashley Burns Ashley Chaifetz Ashley English Ashley Gaudiano Ashley Harrell Ashli Blow Audra Clemons Audra J. Wolfe Audra Mulkern Austin C. Doctor and George Grispos Autumn Giles Ayurella Horn-Muller Ayurella Horn-Muller, Grist Bailey Becker, Columbia Missourian Barry Estabrook Bart Elmore Beau Kjerulf Greer Becca Windell Becki Robins Becky Bach Ben Goldfarb Ben Harris Benjamin Brownlow Benjamin Hoopes Bennet Goldstein, Wisconsin Watch Berin Golonu Bernice Yeung and Grace Rubenstein, The Center for Investigative Reporting Besha Rodell Beth Krietsch Betty Wood Bevin Cohen Bill Bradley Bill Heavey Blake Earle Bob Koigi Boyce Upholt Brandon Rich Breanna Draxler, YES! Magazine Brendan Buhler Brendan Francis Newnam Brent Ridge and Josh Kilmer-Purcell Brett Braley Brett Essler Brian Barth Brian Cameron Brian Elsasser Brian Halweil Brian St. Denis Bridget Reed Morawski Bridget Shirvell Brigit Strawbridge Howard Brittany Hopkins Brittany Shoot Brooke Borel Brooks Lamb Bruce Stewart Bryce Emley C. Dreams Caitlin Bergman and Dan McLeod Caitlin Riley Caleb Garling Caleb Pershan Caleb Pershan and Tyler LeBlanc California Olive Oil Council Callie Radke Stevens Cally Carswell Cam Pauli Camper English Cara Parks Carly Boyer Carol Sahley Caroline Eubanks Carolyn Malcoun Carren Jao Carrie Armes Carrie Arnold Carrie Honaker Cascadian Farm Casey Crownhart Cassandra Landry Cat Ferguson Catherine Brinkley Catherine Donnelly Catherine Strawn Cathy Barrow Cathy Garrard Catie Joyce-Bulay Cayce Clifford Celeste Lecompte Charles Eagan Charles McFarlane Charlotte Druckman Charlotte Philby Cheryl Morrison Chloe Faure Chris Christou Chris Colin Chris Hoke Chris Lanier Chris Malloy Chris Martins Chris Smith Chrissie McClatchie Christi Turner Christian L. Wright Christina Gish Hill Christine Clark Christine Peterson, High Country News Christopher Blackwell with Nick Hacheney Christopher Surprenant Christopher Weber Ciara O'Brien Cindy Whitt Claire Carlson, The Daily Yonder Claire Duncombe Clay Venetis Cole Ruth Colleen Stinchcombe Connie McCabe Coral Lee Corby Kummer Corey Mintz Craig Rogers Crystal Heath Crystal Sands Cynthia Salaysay Daliah Singer Dan Blaustein-Rejto Dan Mitchell Dan Nosowitz Dan Sullivan Daniel Fromson Daniel Kong Daniel Luzer Daniel Sitole Daniel Vaughn, Texas Monthly Barbecue Editor Daniel Walton Daniella McCahey Danielle Bernabe Danielle Centoni Danielle Demetriou Danny Childs Darcy Duda Dave Levitan David Carson David Downs David Favre, The Conversation David Gumpert David Mas Masumoto David Merritt Johns David Prior David Wilson David Zuckerman Davina van Buren Debbie Weingarten Deborah Huso Debra Freeman Debra Perrone and Scott Jasechko Deepa Padmanaban Deltec Homes Denise Cullen Denny Culbert Destiny Herbers, Flatwater Free Press Devorah Klein Lev-Tov Diana Prichard Diana Rogers Diane Stopyra Didem Tali Dina Rudick Donna Williams Doug Bierend Doug Fine Douglas Brenner Drew Costley, Verite News Eden Stiffman Edna Ledesma and Alfonso Morales Elena Goldblatt Elena Valeriote Elisabeth Sherman Eliza Berman Elizabeth Bellizzi Elizabeth Hilborn Elizabeth Limbach Elizabeth Royte Elka Karl Ella Buchan Ella Buchan Ella Hall Ellen Brown Emily Baron Cadloff Emily Baron Cadloff and Shelby Vittek Emily Best Emily Cappiello Emily Liedel Emily Matchar Emily Peterson Emma Banks Emma Bryce Emma Loewe, Grist Emmet Van Driesche Eric Futran Eric J. Wallace Eric Siegel Erica Browne Grivas Erica Scime Erica Sweeney Erik Jacobs Erin Behan Erin Biba Erin Blakemore Erin Byers Murray Erin Harper Erin Jordan, The Gazette, Madeline Heim, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, and Mónica Cordero, Investigate Midwest Erin Scottberg Errin Haines Whack Esther Kim Esther Tseng Ethan Humble, Investigate Midwest EugÁnie Frerichs Eva Tesfaye, Harvest Public Media Evan Bowness, Robert Newell and Sarah-Louise Ruder Evan Cobb Eve Abrams Eve Fox Even Rogers Pay Ezra Romero Fanny Potkin Fareed Kaviani Fariah Zaman Felicia Friesema Ferris Jabr Fiona Symington-Mitchell Fiona Young-Brown Flannery Pearson-Clarke Fran Hopper Frances Valdes Francesca Shanks Francis Dougherty Frank Giustra Frank Hyman Fred Bove Freda Moon Frida Garza, Grist Gabrielle Saulsbery Gabrielle Saulsbery and Andrew Amelinckx General Mills George Etheredge Gia Mora Gina Rae La Cerva Gisela Williams Gloria Dawson Gloria Dickie GRACE Communications Foundation Grace Otis Gregory Cerio Grist Staff Hadassah Patterson Hadee Thompson-Morrison, Brett Robinson, Sally Gaw Hal Walter Hamutahl Cohen Hanna Neuschwander Hanna Raskin Hannah Howard Hannah Kirshner Hannah Saulters Hannah Selinger Hannah Van Sickle Hannah Wallace Hannah Winkler Harriette Halepis Heather Gilligan Heather Hansman Heidi Chaya Helaine Krysik Hilary Kearney Hollie Stephens Holly Regan Holly Wall Host Defense Organic Mushrooms Huanjia Zhang Hugh Acheson Ignacio Calderon Ilan Greenberg Inez Valk and John Poiarkoff Ivy Ashe Ivy Pagliari J.M. Gamble Jack Thompson Jacob Dean Jacob Shamsian Jacoba Charles Jacqui Cheng Jacqui Shine Jake Bittle, Grist Jake Emen Jake O. Francis Jake Swearingen James C. Nieh, The Conversation James Clasper James MacDonald James McWilliams James Rodewald James Stinson and Lee Mcloughlin Jamie Schler Jamie Simpson Janet Gyenes Janna Frenzel and Sarah-Louise Ruder, The Conversation Jason Hawes, Benjamin Goldstein and Joshua Newell, The Conversation Jason Langendorf Jason Price Jay Feldman Jeanne Carstensen Jeff Chu Jeff Quattrone Jeff Spurrier Jeff Wells Jeffrey Miller Jen Ruiz Jennie L. Durant Jennifer Cole Jennifer Fiedler Jennifer Grayson Jennifer Jewell Jennifer Kelly Geddes Jennifer Kornegay Jennifer Nalewicki Jennifer Taylor Jennifer Taylor, East Wing Magazine Jennifer V. Cole Jenny Flores Jenny Linford Jess Davies and John Quinton Jesse Frost Jesse Hirsch Jesse Hirsch and Reyhan Harmanci Jesse Hirsch and Tom Wolf Jesse Nichols, Grist Jessica Andreone Jessica Camille Aguirre Jessica Leigh Hester Jessica Scott-Reid Jill Dutton Jillian Garrett Joan Bailey Joan Flocks Joann Plockova JoAnna Wendel Jocelyn C. Zuckerman Jodi Helmer Jodi Helmer Joe Engleman, Barn Raiser Joe Phillips Joel Elder John Adamian John Ela John F. Tooker John Gifford John McConnell John McCracken, Grist John Millspaugh John Upton Johnathan Hettinger Johnathan Hettinger, Madison McVan and Amanda Perez Pintado Jonathan Frochtzwajg Jordan Kushins Joseph Hammond Joseph Maina Joseph Stromberg Josh Kramer Josh Kramer Josh Voorhees Joshua Hunt Joshua Lyon Josie Heimsoth Joy Neumeyer Judith Matloff Julia Clancy Julia Flint Julia LoFaso Julia Rappaport Julia Scott Julian Cribb Julie Tremaine Justin Bergman Justin Elliott Justin Nobel Justine Sharrock K. Annabelle Smith Kaitlin Bell Barnett Kalpana Sunder Kara Murphy Kara Newman Kara Thurmond Karen Constable Karen Leibowitz Karen Pinchin Kat Dunn Kate Bernot Kate Conger Kate Farrar Kate Robinson Katherine Dunn Katherine Spiers Kathleen McLaughlin Kathleen Merrigan Kathleen Sexsmith, Greg Asbed Kathleen Webber Kathleen Wilcox Kathleen Willcox Kathleen Wong Kathy Gunst Katie Hiler Katie Hill Katie Mast Katie Notopoulos Katy McColl Keely Larson, Reasons to be Cheerful Kelcie Ottoes Kelley Griffin Kelly Bronson Kelly Hatton Kelly Magyarics Kelsey Betz Kelsey McKinney Kelsey Ogletree Ken Albala Kendra Pierre  Louis Kenyon Gradert Keridwen Cornelius Kerri Sullivan Kevin Lincoln Kevin Mitchell Kevin Philip Williams Kim Bussing Kimberly Bradley Kimberly Izar  Simon Galperin, The Jersey Bee Kirsten Jones Neff Kirsten Lie-Nielsen Koby Levin, Outlier Media Krista Holobar Kristan Lawson Kristan Lawson Kristen Ploetz Kristen Schmitt Kristi Eaton Kristin Luna Kristin Ohlson Kristine Grayson Kristine Hansen Kristine Nemec Kristine Wong Kyle Chayka Laney Siegner Laura Bauer Laura Drummond Laura Marie Neubert Laura McCandlish Laura Resnick Laura Sayre Laura Sorkin Laura Sullivan Laura van der Pol, Dale Manning, Francesca Cotrufo and Megan Machmuller Laurel Allen Laurel Miller Lauren David Lauren Holmes Lauren Larson Lauren Markham Lauren Rothman Lauren Smiley Lauren Turner Laurie Woolever Leah Borts-Kuperman Leah Garcés Leah Garden Leah Koenig Leah McBride Mensching Lee Ann Wong Lee Chilcote Leena Trivedi-Grenier Leila Ashtari Lela Nargi Leland Glenna, The Conversation Lena Beck Lena Tzivekis Lessley Anderson Lia Picard Libby Leonard Lilani Goonesena Lily Strelich Lina Zeldovich Lindsay Campbell Lindsay Fendt Lindsay Lennon Lindsay Smith Lindsey Beatrice Lindsey Weber Lisa Munniksma Liz Skalka Liz Susman Karp Liz Tracy Lizzie Schiffman Tufano Lori Rotenberk Lucas Adams Lucie B. Amundsen Lucie Elven, Heather Williams and James Vincent Lukas Southard Lynn Freehill-Maye Lynne Palazzi Lynsey Grosfield Mac McClelland Madeleine Thomas Madison McVan Madison McVan, Investigate Midwest Magdalena Rojo Maggie Prendergast Maggie Prendergast And Catie Prendergast Maggie Rosenberg and Trevor Hagstrom Malika Nisal Ratnayake, Adrian Dyer, and Alan Dorin, The Conversation Mallory Locklear Mallory Ortberg Manjula and Orin Martin Marcea Cazel Marcia De Sanctis Marcie Callewaert Marcy Franklin Mari Cleven Maria Finn Marin Scotten Marion Werner, Annie Shattuck and Ryan Galt Marisa Tesoro Marissa Conrad Marjory Sweet Mark Brown Mark Kurlansky Mark Lewis Mark Liberman Marlowe Starling, Sentient Media Marsha Johnston Marti Buckley Kilpatrick Mary Allen Mary Baker Mary Bakija Mary Catharine O'Connor Maryam Siddiqi Maryn McKenna Matan Shelomi Matt Foley Matt Kasson, Brian Lovett and Patricia Kaishian Matt Miles Matt Spiegler Matthew Accarrino Matthew R Sanderson, Burke Griggs and Jacob A. Miller Maura Johnston Max Graham, Grist Max Leighton Maxwell Williams Maya L. Kapoor, Grist Mayowa Oyewale Meaghan Agnew Meg Thompson Megan Brown Megan Giller Megan Ulu-Lani Boyanton Megan Zhang Meghan Murphy-Gill Melissa Julia Melissa Martin Melissa Massello Melita Cameron-Wood Meredith Bethune Merritt Drewery Mia Lipman Michael Brown Michael Carolan Michael J. Dax Michael Patrick Welch Michael Scaturro Michael Williams, David Styles and Marcela Porto Costa Michael Wright Michaela Hass, Reasons to be Cheerful Michelle Colman Michelle Rabin Michelle Vandermoor Michelle Webster-Hein Mickal Aranha Mike Hess Mike Lumsden Mike Weaver Miles Bredin Mira Ptacin Miranda Crowell Miranda Hart Miranda Lipton Miranda Silva Miriam Coleman Mitchell McLarnon Modern Farmer Molly Birnbaum Molly Hannon Molly Yeh Mónica Cordero Investigate MidwestReport for America Monica Johnson Monica Kim Monica Michael Willis Monica Nicks Mónica R. Goya Nancy and John Hayden Nancy Fresco Nancy Matsumoto Naoki Nitta Natalie Beach Natalie Jesionka Natalie Warady Natasha Geiling Nate Seltenrich Necee Regis Nelson Harvey Nessa Richman, Rhode Island Food Policy Council Nhatt Nichols Nhatt Nichols, The Daily Yonder Nichki Carangelo Nickolaus Hines Nicola Twilley Nicole Choi Nicole Cotroneo Jolly Nicole Grennan Nicole Haase Nicole Pollack Nicole Rasul Nina Elkadi, High Country News Niree Noel Noah Lederman Noah Zahn, Columbia Missourian Nolan Calisch Nutrena Pet Foods Olivia Heffernan Olivia Oldham and Katie Revell Omar Mouallem Omid Mirzaei and David Natcher Owen Katz Paige Lindell Panicha Imsomboon Parker Hatley Parker Hatley and Molly Birnbaum Pat Kinney, Investigate Midwest Pat Olsen Patricia Crisafulli Patricia Crisafulli and Patrick Commins Patrick Cooley Patrick Holden Patrick Keyser Patrick Kuklinski Patrick Pittman Patrick Thibeault Paul Ames Paul Freedman Paul Spencer Paula Whyman Pearse Anderson Peggy Chen Pete Pearson Pete Warzel Peter Andrey Smith Peter T. Trachtenberg Peter Yeung, Reasons to be Cheerful Peterjon Cresswell Philip Donkersley Purina Rachael Roth Rachel DeSchepper Rachel Levin Rachel McMonagle Rachel Rohr Rachel Swan Rachelle Mathia Rania Abouzeid Rebecca Flint Marx Rebecca Katzman Rebecca L. Weber Rebecca Morris Rebecca Wolf Rene Ebersole Renee Lewin Reyhan Harmanci Rhian Sasseen Rhys Southan Ria Misra Richard Bednarski Richard Bloomfield, The Conversation Richard Brown Richard Mertens Richard Parks Rick Snider Rico Moore, YES!

Magazine Rob Larew Rob Larew and Diana Moss Roberta Staley Robertus Pudyanto Robin Babb Robin Catalano Robin Schatz Rochelle Bilow Rocky Casale Rocky Casale and Reyhan Harmanci Roger Bales Roger Morris Romita Saluja Rona Kobell Ronnie Cummins Rose Eveleth Rose Garrett Ruscena Wiederholt Ruvani de Silva Ryan Bradley Sabrina Estabrook-Russett Sage Agee Sally Neas Sam Brasch Sam Bungey Sam Davenport Sam Riches Samantha Bratkon Samantha Lee Samantha Maxwell Samantha Sandassie SaMya Overall, Outlier Media Sandra Ignagni Sandra Vijn Sara Bailey Sara Bir Sara Everett Sara Foss Sara Morrow Sara Novak Sara Solovitch Sara Ventiera Sarah Angileri Sarah Baird Sarah Gleim Sarah Gray Miller Sarah Henry Sarah Khan Sarah Kuta Sarah McColl Sarah Rich Sarah Scheffel Sarah Searle Sarah Treleaven Savita Iyer-Ahrestani Scott Latta Seanan Forbes Sena Desai Gopal Seth Colter Walls Sharlene Breakey Sharyn Jackson Shaun Pett and Leila Ashtari Shea Swenson Sheila Julson Sheila Madary Sheila Pell Shelby Vittek Shepherd Ogden Shoshana Walter Shoshanah Inwood and Florence Becot, The Conversation Siena Chrisman Sierra Dickey Sky Chadde, Investigate Midwest Sneha Thomas Sophia F. Gottfried Sophie Kevany Sophie Mendelson Spencer M. Ross, The Conversation Spike Carlsen St. Francis Winery  Vineyard Stacey Lastoe Stefanie Colombo, The Conversation Stephan Sveshnikov Stephanie Deihl Stephanie Fisher Stephanie Parker Stephen Starr Sterling College Steve Rosseau Steven Corso Steven Hsieh, High Country News Stuart Reynolds, The Conversation Su Avasthi Suko Presseau Surinder S. Jodhka Susan Cohen Susannah Edelbaum Suzannah Schneider Syris Valentine, High Country News Tadessa Daba Tammy Kuepfer Tara Lohan Taras Grescoe Tariq Engineer Tasha Greer Terasu Terra Ash Bruxvoort Terri Queck-Matzie Terry Sunderland Tessa Edick The Beekman Boys The Noma Guide to Fermentation Theresa "Sam" Houghton Theresa Bennett Thomas Christopher Thomas Durant Visser Thomas Hertel Tim Briggs Tim Kreider Tito's Handmade Vodka Tom Bouman Tom Philpott Tom Wolf Tom Zimmerman Tove Danovich Toyota Prius Prime and VICE Tracey Medeiros Tracie McMillan Tracy Abiaka Tracy Block Tracy Motz Tralee Pearce Trevor Hagstrom  Maggie Rosenburg Trevor Pritchard Trina Moyles Troy Andrews Troy Bickham, The Conversation Tuna Traffic Twilight Greenaway Tyler LeBlanc Vanessa Chiasson Verena Von Pfetten Vermont Law School Vice.com Victor Albisu Victoria Bouloubasis Victoria Ellwood Victoria Schlesinger Virginia C. McGuire Virginia Gewin Warren Schultz Wendy MacNaughton Wendy Underwood Whitney Light Will Carruthers William Bostwick William Sertl Wufei YuHigh Country News Yolanda Evans Yvette Dickson-Tetteh Zac Jones-Gómez Zan Romanoff  Date Past month Past 3 months Past 6 months Past year Older than a year  Reset

---

Want more from Modern Farmer? Our stories connect people to their food and highlight producers and innovators working to create a sustainable future. Featured Harvest Hosts Connects Family Farms With RV Travelers How to Build a Cold Frame in 20 Minutes for Under 40 California Farms and Farmworkers Attempt to Recover From Record Floods Meet the Modern Farmer: Jill Volat Farm On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers These groups are helping reverse historic inequities by offering capital and assistance unavailable through more traditional avenues How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird If youre looking to introduce some feathered friends to your backyard garden or homestead, we can help you figure out where to start. A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland In Washington State, a unique zoning ordinance will lead to an agrivillage." Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing.

What About Biodynamic Businesses? Why farmers are applying the biodynamic philosophy to their businesses. Opinion: The US Doesnt Grow Enough Food  But We Could The number of US farms has been declining for years, making us more reliant on importing food from other countries. Farmers could grow enough food to feed us all, if we shifted government priorities. In Bad Naturalist, an Author Settles on a Mountain Top and Tries to Farm Novelist Paula Whyman wanted to leave her city life and find an acre or two of rural pasture to explore.

Instead, she found herself trying to restore 200 acres of farmland on a Virginia mountain top. Coverage, Community and Extras. Every Sunday.

Why the West Needs Prairie Dogs They're among the region's most despised species, but some tribes, researchers, and landowners are racing to save them. Ready to Garden? Start Here If you're ready to get your hands in the dirt and finally start that garden plot, this is your guide. Growing Corn in the Desert, No Irrigation Required The surreal sight of squash, melons and corn sprouting from the sandy ground reflects an ancient farming technique thats newly relevant. Follow us Trending Formats Explore other topics Suggested Solution The Financials of Profitable Small-Scale Farming From the Archive How to Make an Herbal Tincture Share With Us We want to hear from Modern Farmer readers who have thoughtful commentary, actionable solutions, or helpful ideas to share.

Latest Farm Solutions The Financials of Profitable Small-Scale Farming The Farm and the Food Bank In Eastern North Carolina, Community Science Aims to Fill an Air Quality Gap Transfarmation: The Movement to Free Us From Factory Farming Our stories connect people to their food and highlight producers and innovators working to create a sustainable future. Featured Harvest Hosts Connects Family Farms With RV Travelers How to Build a Cold Frame in 20 Minutes for Under 40 California Farms and Farmworkers Attempt to Recover From Record Floods Meet the Modern Farmer: Jill Volat Farm On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers These groups are helping reverse historic inequities by offering capital and assistance unavailable through more traditional avenues How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird If youre looking to introduce some feathered friends to your backyard garden or homestead, we can help you figure out where to start. A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland In Washington State, a unique zoning ordinance will lead to an agrivillage." Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing.

What About Biodynamic Businesses? Why farmers are applying the biodynamic philosophy to their businesses. Opinion: The US Doesnt Grow Enough Food  But We Could The number of US farms has been declining for years, making us more reliant on importing food from other countries.

Farmers could grow enough food to feed us all, if we shifted government priorities. In Bad Naturalist, an Author Settles on a Mountain Top and Tries to Farm Novelist Paula Whyman wanted to leave her city life and find an acre or two of rural pasture to explore. Instead, she found herself trying to restore 200 acres of farmland on a Virginia mountain top. Coverage, Community and Extras.

Every Sunday. Why the West Needs Prairie Dogs They're among the region's most despised species, but some tribes, researchers, and landowners are racing to save them. Ready to Garden? Start Here If you're ready to get your hands in the dirt and finally start that garden plot, this is your guide. Growing Corn in the Desert, No Irrigation Required The surreal sight of squash, melons and corn sprouting from the sandy ground reflects an ancient farming technique thats newly relevant.

Follow us Trending Formats Explore other topics Suggested Solution The Financials of Profitable Small-Scale Farming From the Archive How to Make an Herbal Tincture Share With Us We want to hear from Modern Farmer readers who have thoughtful commentary, actionable solutions, or helpful ideas to share. Latest Farm Solutions The Financials of Profitable Small-Scale Farming The Farm and the Food Bank In Eastern North Carolina, Community Science Aims to Fill an Air Quality Gap Transfarmation: The Movement to Free Us From Factory Farming Harvest Hosts Connects Family Farms With RV Travelers How to Build a Cold Frame in 20 Minutes for Under 40 California Farms and Farmworkers Attempt to Recover From Record Floods Meet the Modern Farmer: Jill Volat On the Ground with Organizations Uplifting BIPOC Farmers These groups are helping reverse historic inequities by offering capital and assistance unavailable through more traditional avenues How to Choose the Right Backyard Bird If youre looking to introduce some feathered friends to your backyard garden or homestead, we can help you figure out where to start. A Washington Cohousing Project Could Help Preserve Farmland In Washington State, a unique zoning ordinance will lead to an agrivillage."

Biodynamic Farms Are One Thing. What About Biodynamic Businesses? Why farmers are applying the biodynamic philosophy to their businesses. Opinion: The US Doesnt Grow Enough Food  But We Could The number of US farms has been declining for years, making us more reliant on importing food from other countries. Farmers could grow enough food to feed us all, if we shifted government priorities.

In Bad Naturalist, an Author Settles on a Mountain Top and Tries to Farm Novelist Paula Whyman wanted to leave her city life and find an acre or two of rural pasture to explore. Instead, she found herself trying to restore 200 acres of farmland on a Virginia mountain top. Why the West Needs Prairie Dogs They're among the region's most despised species, but some tribes, researchers, and landowners are racing to save them.

Ready to Garden? Start Here If you're ready to get your hands in the dirt and finally start that garden plot, this is your guide. Growing Corn in the Desert, No Irrigation Required The surreal sight of squash, melons and corn sprouting from the sandy ground reflects an ancient farming technique thats newly relevant.

The Financials of Profitable Small-Scale Farming How to Make an Herbal Tincture The Financials of Profitable Small-Scale Farming The Farm and the Food Bank In Eastern North Carolina, Community Science Aims to Fill an Air Quality Gap Transfarmation: The Movement to Free Us From Factory Farming List items:  Facebook  Instagram  LinkedIn  X  Article  Series  Republication  Spotlight On  On The Ground  Op-ed  Explainer  How to  Food  Consumption

====================

Top Picks  Machinery  Farmland

---

News List items:  Business News  Crop News  Livestock News  Machinery News  Profiles  Technology News  Three Big Things  Weather News

---

Business News  Explore News List items:  News