Empowering women in food and agriculture  31.2  31.5 See why women's empowerment is central to FAOs work Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Women play a vital role in agrifood systems. To grow equality, we need to address the challenges they face.

Join FAOs 80th anniversary by organizing events that highlight actions and innovations for a sustainable food future. Data analyses, policy recommendations, and actions on the ground. Recognizing the right to food upholds the dignity of every person and ensures they can live free from discrimination. Discover how FAO is supporting countries in their National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans for the agrifood sectors.

Access the latest information on domestic prices of basic foods in developing countries. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Christabel Kwasi, a young Ghanaian farmer and mother, learned that with better farming practices, she and her family can rely on fonio all year-round. Fonio is an ancient indigenous West African grain that thrives in arid conditions.

An FAO project, in collaboration with chef Fatmata Binta, boosts the cultivation skills and productivity of Ghanaian women fonio producers. Imagine a world where aquatic food systems provide sustainable and healthy food and nutrition while conserving biodiversity and safeguarding the environment. In this episode, FAO calls for bold action to transform agrifood systems and support biodiversity at the resumed UN Biodiversity Conference, held in Rome; at the G20 Foreign Ministers' meeting in Johannesburg, FAO Director-General stresses that food security is vital for peace, stability and human dignity; and the Green Climate Fund approves funding for FAO-led projects in Serbia and Kenya. Source: Our new transparency portal shows how and where our resources are used and the results we have achieved. Explore the portal now.

The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25. The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25. The FAO Data Lab for Statistical Innovation modernizes the statistical business process, with a specific focus on emergency contexts, when having access to timely information is very important.

FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. A world free from hunger and malnutrition where food and agriculture contributes to improving the living standards of all FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition.

FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly.

FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets.

FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods.

FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world.

FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition. FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain.

FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly.

FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies.

FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society.

FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking.

FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. ---

Empowering women in food and agriculture  31.2  31.5 See why women's empowerment is central to FAOs work Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase Higher sugar, dairy, and vegetable oil prices drive the overall increase FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. FAO and Thompson Rivers University spotlight Indigenous Women as knowledge holders and custodians of nature. Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Women play a vital role in agrifood systems. To grow equality, we need to address the challenges they face.

Join FAOs 80th anniversary by organizing events that highlight actions and innovations for a sustainable food future. Data analyses, policy recommendations, and actions on the ground. Recognizing the right to food upholds the dignity of every person and ensures they can live free from discrimination. Discover how FAO is supporting countries in their National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans for the agrifood sectors. Access the latest information on domestic prices of basic foods in developing countries.

Co-organized by the New Development Bank and IDEAS, the event discusses how evaluation can enhance the effectiveness of policies, programs, and investments Christabel Kwasi, a young Ghanaian farmer and mother, learned that with better farming practices, she and her family can rely on fonio all year-round. Fonio is an ancient indigenous West African grain that thrives in arid conditions. An FAO project, in collaboration with chef Fatmata Binta, boosts the cultivation skills and productivity of Ghanaian women fonio producers. Imagine a world where aquatic food systems provide sustainable and healthy food and nutrition while conserving biodiversity and safeguarding the environment.

In this episode, FAO calls for bold action to transform agrifood systems and support biodiversity at the resumed UN Biodiversity Conference, held in Rome; at the G20 Foreign Ministers' meeting in Johannesburg, FAO Director-General stresses that food security is vital for peace, stability and human dignity; and the Green Climate Fund approves funding for FAO-led projects in Serbia and Kenya. Source: Our new transparency portal shows how and where our resources are used and the results we have achieved. Explore the portal now. The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25. The Director-Generals Medium Term Plan (Reviewed) 2022-25 and Programme of Work and Budget 2024-25.

The FAO Data Lab for Statistical Innovation modernizes the statistical business process, with a specific focus on emergency contexts, when having access to timely information is very important. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. A world free from hunger and malnutrition where food and agriculture contributes to improving the living standards of all FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty.

FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition. FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity.

FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly. FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain. FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs.

FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation. FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society.

FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives. FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking.

FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. FAO supports governments and partners to design the right policies and programmes to end hunger, promote food security and promote sustainable agriculture for millions of people around the world. FAO works with governments and partners to empower some of the worlds most marginalized people to end rural poverty. FAO helps ensure food security by developing ways of growing food that will work in the future so that millions of people dont go hungry. Good health starts with nutrition.

FAO sets global standards and works with governments and the private sector to ensure food quality and safety throughout the food chain. FAO invests in educational systems for rural communities and supports improved access to primary education and school meals in order to create equal opportunities for all and chances of lifelong learning. FAO supports gender equality in the agricultural sector in an effort to raise levels of nutrition in local communities and improve agricultural productivity. FAO works with governments to ensure water use in agriculture is made more efficient, equitable and environmentally friendly. FAO promotes the use of renewable energies and works to ensure access to modern energy services across the food chain.

FAO seeks better economic opportunities for all by investing in sustainable agricultural practices and food systems that reduce inequalities and create decent jobs. FAO seeks to secure a future for rural communities via investments in transportation, irrigation, food storage facilities and communication technologies. FAO works with countries and partners to generate employment in rural areas, ensure access to natural resources for the most vulnerable and connect farmers to markets. FAO works to improve urban healthcare, water quality and rethink city region food systems to help deter the negative effects of sprawling urbanisation.

FAO coordinates major global initiatives and projects to tackle food waste and loss, partnering with international organisations, the private sector and civil society. FAO supports countries in responding to the threats of climate change by providing advice, data and tools for better agricultural policies and practices. FAO, in partnership with governments and fishing communities, implements best practices in fisheries to ensure our oceans are protected as a means of livelihoods. FAO promotes sustainable approaches to natural resource management and supports endeavours that promote a balance between conservation and development initiatives.

FAO plays a critical role in peacebuilding, restoring rural livelihoods, building resilience and participatory approaches to policymaking. FAO acts as a neutral policymaking forum and develops partnerships with all concerned with food and agriculture to ensure a world free from hunger. ---

Gender We cannot end hunger and poverty without empowering both men and women in agrifood systems. Today, agriculture and food systems face an unprecedented array of challenges.

We must feed a growing global population in a context of emerging and persisting crises - economic, energy, environmental, food and social. These include conflicts, natural disasters, price volatility, market insecurity, mass migrations, health crises, and more, all of which are exacerbated by climate change, depletion of natural resources, rapid urbanization, shifts in dietary patterns and livelihood systems. Faced with these challenges, it is more important than ever to build inclusive, sustainable and resilient agrifood systems, so that the agricultural sector can perform to its full capacity and become more efficient.

FAO recognizes that in order to achieve this, we must address the persisting inequalities that effect the underperformance of the agriculture sector in many countries. We need to work with and empower rural women, men, girls and boys. The new FAO report provides a comprehensive picture of the status of women not only in agriculture, but across agrifood systems. It presents extensive data and lessons learned about gender in agrifood systems, with particular focus on how women participate in and benefit from socio-economic opportunities. The Country Gender Assessment (CGA) provides an update on the situation of women and men in agriculture and the rural sector by country.

Based on available data disaggregated by sex and age, each report describes the situation of women and men, as well as their specific roles and opportunities in agriculture and rural economies. The report also highlights gender disparities in access to productive and natural resources, financial and advisory services and decent employment, as well as the implications for the sustainable management of natural resources, food security and nutrition. The CGA offers concrete recommendations for addressing the gender gap and guiding the design and implementation of gender-responsive agricultural and rural development policies, strategies and programmes. Find out more  Achieving gender equality and social inclusion is essential for realizing the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), particularly in food security, climate...

This technical study highlights the role of discriminatory social institutions, unequal power relations and agency in influencing climate resilience... See all publications  Discover Dimitra Clubs, an FAO initiative that empowers communities and drives social change. Through this approach, men and women take the lead... Discover Dimitra Clubs, an FAO initiative that empowers communities and drives social change. Through this approach, men and women take the lead...

Fashion for Fragile Ecosystems connects traditional craftsmanship with ethical fashion, promoting cultural heritage globally while protecting mountain... Fashion for Fragile Ecosystems connects traditional craftsmanship with ethical fashion, promoting cultural heritage globally while protecting mountain... FAO's The State of Agricultural Commodity Markets 2024 explored the theme, "Trade and nutrition: Policy coherence for healthy diets." The 2024 edition... FAO's The State of Agricultural Commodity Markets 2024 explored the theme, "Trade and nutrition: Policy coherence for healthy diets." The 2024 edition... See more multimedia  This course provides an understanding of key concepts, terminology, practical tools and processes for incorporating gender equality, disability and...

This course aims to support parliamentarians in ensuring that adequate financial resources are allocated to achieve food security and gender... This course aims to support parliamentarians in ensuring that adequate financial resources are allocated to achieve food security and gender... The course aims at facilitating the exchange of promising approaches, tools and good practices that can be used by parliamentarians and policymakers... The course aims at facilitating the exchange of promising approaches, tools and good practices that can be used by parliamentarians and policymakers...

This course is intended to strengthen the knowledge and competencies of parliamentarians and policymakers on the relevance of gender issues... This course is intended to strengthen the knowledge and competencies of parliamentarians and policymakers on the relevance of gender issues... This introduction will bring in the most critical issues affecting gender equality and explain why they are important for building inclusive and...

This introduction will bring in the most critical issues affecting gender equality and explain why they are important for building inclusive and... This course presents the set of methods available for assessing losses in the fish value chain. In particular, this course provides guidance to practitioners on how to conduct social analysis to enhance the inclusiveness of agrifood investments.... This is an introduction to a series of three courses designed to provide a diverse audience with the approaches, methods and tools necessary to integrate...

This course aims to assist social analystsfield practitioners in generating primary data, using qualitative methods that can help to draw a detailed... This course has been designed to explain how to use the Minimum Dietary Diversity for Women (MDD-W) indicator, with a view to contributing to improved... This course looks closely at the gender issues that are central to the substantially lower rate of engagement of women farmers, compared with men, in...

This course focuses on gender issues and the policy and legal framework for agricultural investment and supply chains. It provides concrete guidance... This course focuses on gender and land issues in the context of agricultural investment.

It provides concrete guidance on strategies, approaches and... This course analyses gender issues that should be addressed to foster gender-equitable decent wage employment in agriculture. It provides concrete guidance... This introduction clarifies the rationale and scope of the e-learning series, the target audience it was designed for, and the different courses that...

The development of sustainable food systems is a key component of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. This course discussed why eliminating... The development of sustainable food systems is a key component of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. This course discussed why eliminating...

This course is the first in the Rural Poverty Reduction series, and provides an overview of rural poverty, and why it is so important to overcome... This course is the first in the Rural Poverty Reduction series, and provides an overview of rural poverty, and why it is so important to overcome... This one-lesson course considers the gender dimension of rural migration.

As men and women experience migration differently, to reduce the vulnerability... This one-lesson course considers the gender dimension of rural migration. As men and women experience migration differently, to reduce the vulnerability... Through this mobile resource, you will be able to explore the Principles for responsible investment in agriculture and food systems, endorsed by...

Through this mobile resource, you will be able to explore the Principles for responsible investment in agriculture and food systems, endorsed by... This course focuses on SDG Indicator 5.a.1, which is one of two indicators that focus on womens ownership andor control over agricultural land.... This course focuses on SDG Indicator 5.a.1, which is one of two indicators that focus on womens ownership andor control over agricultural land.... See more e-learnings  Gender equality is essential to achieve FAO's mandate of a world free hunger, malnutrition and poverty. The Organization recognizes that persisting inequalities between women and men are a major obstacle to agriculture and rural development and that eliminating these disparities is essential to building sustainable and inclusive food systems and resilient and peaceful societies.

View online  [email protected] List items:  Fisheries and Aquaculture  Gender equality in fisheries and aquaculture  FAO Gender-Lex  Gender mainstreaming  Integrating Agriculture in National Adaptation Plans (NAPs)  Gender  Policy Support and Governance Gateway  Joint Programme on Gender Transformative Approaches for Food Security Improved Nutrition and Sustainable Agriculture (JP-GTA)  UN Joint Programme on Rural Womens Economic Empowerment - JP RWEE  Rural women  Family Farming Knowledge Platform  Technical Cooperation Programme