Suggested Searches  Intuitive Machines Lunar Landing  Featured News  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10  Humans in Space  Earth Information Center  Image Of The Day  Image Of The Day  More NASA Images  Explore the Universe from your Inbox  More Topics from NASA  Featured  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  NASA en Español  News  Events  Multimedia  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Highlights  NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 Scientific Mission on Space Station Concludes  NASA Invites You to Share Excitement of Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 to Explore Deep Space Exercise, Health  Highlights  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  An Ocean in Motion: NASAs Mesmerizing View of Earths Underwater Highways  Going With the Flow: Visualizing Ocean Currents with ECCO  Highlights  The Next Full Moon is the Worm Moon  Marchs Night Sky Notes: Messier Madness  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  Hubble Captures New View of Colorful Veil  NASAs Hubble Provides Birds-Eye View of Andromeda Galaxys Ecosystem  Highlights  Foundations  How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  Highlights  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  The NACA: Launching the Future of Flight  NASAs X-59 Completes Electromagnetic Testing  Highlights  What is a NASA Spinoff? We Asked a NASA Expert: Episode 53  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  University High Knows the Answers at NASA JPL Regional Science Bowl  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon.

Featured  NASA Uses New Technology to Understand California Wildfires  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  Highlights  Mejores imágenes de Ciencia en la estación espacial 2024  La NASA identifica causa de pérdida de material del escudo térmico de Orion de Artemis I  Preguntas frecuentes: La verdadera historia del cuidado de la salud de los astronautas en el espacio  LUNAR SCIENCE  LUNAR SCIENCE  LUNAR ECONOMY  Living in Space  Commercial Space  Low Earth Orbit Economy  Spaceships and Rockets  Today  Today  Earth Gallery  Earths Moon Gallery  Sun Gallery  Missions  Humans In Space  Climate Change  Our Solar System  Universe  Science News  Aeronautics  Technology Intuitive Machines lunar lander touched down on the Moon at approximately 12:30 p.m. EST on Thursday, March 6. The companys IM-2 mission is part of NASAs Commercial Lunar Payload Services initiative. NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon X-ray Signal Points to Destroyed Planet, Chandra Finds NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon NASA Turns Off 2 Voyager Science Instruments to Extend Mission FARMing with Data: OpenET Launches new Tool for Farmers and Ranchers Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station on Wednesday, March 12, as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory.

For more than 50 years, NASA satellites have provided data on Earth's land, water, air, temperature, and climate. NASA's Earth Information Center allows visitors to see how our planet is changing in six key areas: sea level rise and coastal impacts, health and air quality, wildfires, greenhouse gases, sustainable energy, and agriculture. Kachemak Bays Stony Waters The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. Stay up-to-date on the latest news from NASAfrom Earth to the Moon, the Solar System and beyond. We will never share your email address.

Privacy Policy Intuitive Machines lunar lander touched down on the Moon at approximately 12:30 p.m. EST on Thursday, March 6. The companys IM-2 mission is part of NASAs Commercial Lunar Payload Services initiative. NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon X-ray Signal Points to Destroyed Planet, Chandra Finds NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon NASA Turns Off 2 Voyager Science Instruments to Extend Mission FARMing with Data: OpenET Launches new Tool for Farmers and Ranchers Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station on Wednesday, March 12, as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. For more than 50 years, NASA satellites have provided data on Earth's land, water, air, temperature, and climate.

NASA's Earth Information Center allows visitors to see how our planet is changing in six key areas: sea level rise and coastal impacts, health and air quality, wildfires, greenhouse gases, sustainable energy, and agriculture. Kachemak Bays Stony Waters The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. Stay up-to-date on the latest news from NASAfrom Earth to the Moon, the Solar System and beyond. We will never share your email address.

Privacy Policy List items:  Climate Change  Artemis  Expedition 64  Mars perseverance  SpaceX Crew-2  International Space Station  View All Topics A-Z  Home  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  Español  News  Events  Multimedia  NASA  Search All NASA Missions  A to Z List of Missions  Upcoming Launches and Landings  Spaceships and Rockets  Communicating with Missions  Artemis  James Webb Space Telescope  Hubble Space Telescope  International Space Station  OSIRIS-Rex  Why Go to Space  Astronauts  Commercial Space  Destinations  Spaceships and Rockets  Living in Space  Explore Earth Science  Climate Change  Earth, Our Planet  Earth Science in Action  Earth Multimedia  Earth Data  Earth Science Researchers  The Sun  Mercury  Venus  Earth  The Moon  Mars  Jupiter  Saturn  Uranus  Neptune  Pluto  Dwarf Planets  Asteroids, Comets  Meteors  The Kuiper Belt  The Oort Cloud  Skywatching  Exoplanets  The Search for Life in the Universe  Stars  Galaxies  Black Holes  The Big Bang  Dark Energy  Dark Matter  Earth Science  Planetary Science  Astrophysics  Space Science  The Sun  Heliophysics  Biological  Physical Sciences  Lunar Science  Citizen Science  Astromaterials  Aeronautics Research  Human Space Travel Research  Science in the Air  NASA Aircraft  Flight Innovation  Supersonic Flight  Air Traffic Solutions  Green Aviation Tech  Drones  You  Technology Transfer  Spinoffs  Space Travel Technology  Technology Living in Space  Manufacturing and Materials  Robotics  Science Instruments  Computing  For Kids and Students  For Educators  For Colleges and Universities  For Professionals  Science for Everyone  Requests for Exhibits, Artifacts, or Speakers  STEM Engagement at NASA  NASA's Impacts  Centers and Facilities  Directorates  Organizations  People of NASA  Careers  Internships  Our History  Doing Business with NASA  Get Involved  Contact  Ciencia  Aeronáutica  Ciencias Terrestres  Sistema Solar  Universo  All NASA News  Video Series on NASA  Podcasts  Blogs  Newsletters  Social Media  Media Resources  Events  Upcoming Launches  Landings  Virtual Guest Program  NASA  Images  NASA Live  NASA Apps  Podcasts  Image of the Day  e-Books  Sounds and Ringtones  Interactives  STEM Multimedia

---

NASA News  Suggested Searches  Latest News  Resources for News Media  Communications Policy  Media Accreditation Policy  Media Contacts  Upcoming Launches  Images  NASA Brand Center  Budgets and Reports  News Release Archive  Discover More  Featured  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  NASA en Español  News  Events  Multimedia  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Highlights  NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 Scientific Mission on Space Station Concludes  NASA Invites You to Share Excitement of Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 to Explore Deep Space Exercise, Health  Highlights  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  An Ocean in Motion: NASAs Mesmerizing View of Earths Underwater Highways  Going With the Flow: Visualizing Ocean Currents with ECCO  Highlights  The Next Full Moon is the Worm Moon  Marchs Night Sky Notes: Messier Madness  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  Hubble Captures New View of Colorful Veil  NASAs Hubble Provides Birds-Eye View of Andromeda Galaxys Ecosystem  Highlights  Foundations  How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  Highlights  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  The NACA: Launching the Future of Flight  NASAs X-59 Completes Electromagnetic Testing  Highlights  What is a NASA Spinoff? We Asked a NASA Expert: Episode 53  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  University High Knows the Answers at NASA JPL Regional Science Bowl  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  NASA Uses New Technology to Understand California Wildfires  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  Highlights  Mejores imágenes de Ciencia en la estación espacial 2024  La NASA identifica causa de pérdida de material del escudo térmico de Orion de Artemis I  Preguntas frecuentes: La verdadera historia del cuidado de la salud de los astronautas en el espacio  Sign up to receive NASA news releases and other information.

Station Preps for Command Change, Conducts Heart and Bone Research NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking Crew Works Vein Scans and Muscle Stimulation Prior to Upcoming Departure NASA Awards Launch Service for Mission to Study Storm Formation Policy on the release of information to news and information media Agencywide media accreditation policy Contact information for the newsroom, centers, and interview requests Calendar for upcoming launches and landings Images from programs throughout the agency's history Specific guidelines for use of the agency's brand, merchandise, and media Budgets, plans, and reports News releases from 2015 to the present 2024 News Releases Blogs Newsletters NASA History Station Preps for Command Change, Conducts Heart and Bone Research NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking Crew Works Vein Scans and Muscle Stimulation Prior to Upcoming Departure NASA Awards Launch Service for Mission to Study Storm Formation Policy on the release of information to news and information media Agencywide media accreditation policy Contact information for the newsroom, centers, and interview requests Calendar for upcoming launches and landings Images from programs throughout the agency's history Specific guidelines for use of the agency's brand, merchandise, and media Budgets, plans, and reports News releases from 2015 to the present 2024 News Releases Blogs Newsletters NASA History List items:  Climate Change  Artemis  Expedition 64  Mars perseverance  SpaceX Crew-2  International Space Station  View All Topics A-Z  Home  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  Español  News  Events  Multimedia  NASA  Search All NASA Missions  A to Z List of Missions  Upcoming Launches and Landings  Spaceships and Rockets  Communicating with Missions  Artemis  James Webb Space Telescope  Hubble Space Telescope  International Space Station  OSIRIS-Rex  Why Go to Space  Astronauts  Commercial Space  Destinations  Spaceships and Rockets  Living in Space  Explore Earth Science  Climate Change  Earth, Our Planet  Earth Science in Action  Earth Multimedia  Earth Data  Earth Science Researchers  The Sun  Mercury  Venus  Earth  The Moon  Mars  Jupiter  Saturn  Uranus  Neptune  Pluto  Dwarf Planets  Asteroids, Comets  Meteors  The Kuiper Belt  The Oort Cloud  Skywatching  Exoplanets  The Search for Life in the Universe  Stars  Galaxies  Black Holes  The Big Bang  Dark Energy  Dark Matter  Earth Science  Planetary Science  Astrophysics  Space Science  The Sun  Heliophysics  Biological  Physical Sciences  Lunar Science  Citizen Science  Astromaterials  Aeronautics Research  Human Space Travel Research  Science in the Air  NASA Aircraft  Flight Innovation  Supersonic Flight  Air Traffic Solutions  Green Aviation Tech  Drones  You  Technology Transfer  Spinoffs  Space Travel Technology  Technology Living in Space  Manufacturing and Materials  Robotics  Science Instruments  Computing  For Kids and Students  For Educators  For Colleges and Universities  For Professionals  Science for Everyone  Requests for Exhibits, Artifacts, or Speakers  STEM Engagement at NASA  NASA's Impacts  Centers and Facilities  Directorates  Organizations  People of NASA  Careers  Internships  Our History  Doing Business with NASA  Get Involved  Contact  Ciencia  Aeronáutica  Ciencias Terrestres  Sistema Solar  Universo  All NASA News  Video Series on NASA  Podcasts  Blogs  Newsletters  Social Media  Media Resources  Events  Upcoming Launches  Landings  Virtual Guest Program  NASA  Images  NASA Live  NASA Apps  Podcasts  Image of the Day  e-Books  Sounds and Ringtones  Interactives  STEM Multimedia

---

Suggested Searches  New NASA Web Content  Featured  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  NASA en Español  News  Events  Multimedia  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Highlights  NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 Scientific Mission on Space Station Concludes  NASA Invites You to Share Excitement of Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 to Explore Deep Space Exercise, Health  Highlights  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  An Ocean in Motion: NASAs Mesmerizing View of Earths Underwater Highways  Going With the Flow: Visualizing Ocean Currents with ECCO  Highlights  The Next Full Moon is the Worm Moon  Marchs Night Sky Notes: Messier Madness  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  Hubble Captures New View of Colorful Veil  NASAs Hubble Provides Birds-Eye View of Andromeda Galaxys Ecosystem  Highlights  Foundations  How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  Highlights  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  The NACA: Launching the Future of Flight  NASAs X-59 Completes Electromagnetic Testing  Highlights  What is a NASA Spinoff? We Asked a NASA Expert: Episode 53  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  University High Knows the Answers at NASA JPL Regional Science Bowl  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon.

Featured  NASA Uses New Technology to Understand California Wildfires  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  Highlights  Mejores imágenes de Ciencia en la estación espacial 2024  La NASA identifica causa de pérdida de material del escudo térmico de Orion de Artemis I  Preguntas frecuentes: La verdadera historia del cuidado de la salud de los astronautas en el espacio Stay up-to-date with the latest content from NASA as we explore the universe and discover more about our home planet. Written by Melissa Rice, Professor of Planetary Science at Western Washington University This week, the Perseverance team faced a stubborn engineering challenge. After successfully collecting a core called Green Gardens from the Tablelands location, the rover struggled to seal the Written by Susanne Schwenzer, Planetary Geologist at The Open University Earth planning date: Wednesday, March 5, 2025 The Martian landscape never ceases to amaze me, there is so much variation in texture and color!

As a mineralogist, I marvel at Technicians with ESA (European Space Agency) and Airbus installed the four solar array wings on NASAs Orion spacecraft for Artemis II on March 3. The solar array wings, attached to the service module, deploy after Orion reaches space to power NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 mission with agency astronauts Nick Hague, Butch Wilmore, and Suni Williams, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Aleksandr Gorbunov is preparing to return to Earth following their science mission aboard the International Space Station. Hague, Williams, and Wilmore completed more The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. This cloudiness comes from glacial flour: bits of pulverized rock ground down by glaciers that has the consistency of flour. Several meltwater streams rich with NASA invites the public to take part in virtual activities for the launch of the agencys SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station.

NASA astronauts Anne McClain, commander, and Nichole Ayers, pilot, along with mission specialists JAXA (Japan Aerospace Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. NASA astronauts Anne McClain, Nichole Ayers, JAXA (Japan Aerospace As NASA continues to enable a sustainable, cost-effective commercial space economy, the agency is seeking partnership proposals for the operations, sustaining engineering, and utilization of Astrobee, a free-flying robotic system aboard the International Space Station. The Announcement for Partnership Proposal A classification is when a volunteer or citizen scientist finishes marking up or sorting one image or other piece of data. Each classification done by volunteers for the Redshift Wrangler project tells us something about the distance and age of The ARMD 2024 Associate Administrator Awards were presented to NASA employees, contractors, and students or interns who distinguished themselves, either individually or as part of a group, through their overall approach to their work and through results they achieved during NASA GRX-810 Licensing Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterJohn Lawson NASA Glenn Research CenterSteven M. ArnoldAaron B. BristerRobert W. CarterRobert H. EarpTimothy P. GabbChristopher J. GiuffrePaul R. GradlJason M. HannaBryan J. HarderAmy B. HiltabidelDale A. HopkinsChristopher eVTOL Propulsion Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterAaron D. AndersonDevin K. BoyleJeffryes W. ChapmanPeggy A. CornellTimothy P. DeverJustin P. ElchertHenry B. FainXavier Collazo FernandezMatthew G. GrangerJonathan M. GutknechtMichael C. HalbigPatrick A. HanlonHashmatullah HasseebDavid HausserScott A. HensleyKeith Self-Aligned Focusing Schlieren Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Langley Research CenterBrett F. BathelWayne E. PageJosh M. Weisberger 2024 AA Award Honorees 2024 AA Award Honorees PDF ARMD Associate Administrator Awards Airspace Operations Safety Program (AOSP) Resource Analyst Group  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterWarcquel D. FriesonMary NguyenSandra E. RamirezTiana (Thuy) D. Vo NASA Glenn Research CenterJulie A. Blackett NASA HeadquartersMichele D. DodsonJeffrey S. Farlin NASA Langley Research CenterYolanda Advanced Power Electronics Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterDavid AvanesianJulie A. BlystoneRebecca A. BuehrleMarc A. CarboneAriel E. DimstonMatthew G. GrangerSusanah R. KowalewskiAlex M. LearyJohn M. MaroliErik J. Stalcup HX5Gregor LiederbachScott L. MetzgerWesley A. Miller Peraton Inc.Nicholas C. The next full moon is called the Worm Moon.

Also, there will be a total lunar eclipse this full moon. The Moon will be full early Friday morning, March 14, at 2:55 a.m. EDT, but will appear full for about During 2024-2025, helicopter blades optimized for Mars were tested in the Planetary Aeolian Laboratory (PAL) at NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Rotor Optimization for the Advancement of Mars eXploration (ROAMX) project. The experimental test-chamber of the PAL Written by Scott VanBommel, Planetary Scientist at Washington University Earth planning date: Monday, March 3, 2025 Curiosity continued steady progress through the upper sulfate unit and toward its next major science waypoint: the boxwork structures. Our rover is currently driving What is a NASA Spinoff?

Well, to answer that question, were going to have to go all the way back to 1958, back to the legislation that originally created the space agency, NASA. So in that legislation, theres some forward-looking Editors Note: This advisory was updated on March 6, 2025, to reflect the updated arrival timeline for NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station. Editors Note: This advisory was updated March 5, 2025, to correct that media may When astronauts walk on the Moon, theyll serve as the eyes, hands, and boots-on-the-ground interpreters supporting the broader teams of scientists on Earth.

NASA is leveraging virtual reality to provide high-fidelity, cost-effective support to prepare crew members, flight control teams, The farthest-flung human-made objects will be able to take their science-gathering even farther, thanks to these energy-conserving measures. Mission engineers at NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Southern California turned off the cosmic ray subsystem experiment aboard Voyager 1 on Feb. NASAs Ethics Program provides training and counsel to NASA employees and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the agency-wide ethics program. Headquarters and Center Chief Counsels ethics officials support the ethics program in their respective localities. A list of Cryocoolers are essential systems in many space exploration missions to maintain propellants at cryogenic temperatures.

Cryogenic recuperators are a key component of these cryocoolers and dictate the performance of the system. NASA is seeking to reduce the cost and increase In this NASAESA Hubble Space Telescope image, Hubble once again lifts the veil on a famous  and frequently photographed  supernova remnant: the Veil Nebula. The remnant of a star roughly 20 times as massive as the Sun that exploded about Stay up-to-date with the latest content from NASA as we explore the universe and discover more about our home planet.

Written by Melissa Rice, Professor of Planetary Science at Western Washington University This week, the Perseverance team faced a stubborn engineering challenge. After successfully collecting a core called Green Gardens from the Tablelands location, the rover struggled to seal the Written by Susanne Schwenzer, Planetary Geologist at The Open University Earth planning date: Wednesday, March 5, 2025 The Martian landscape never ceases to amaze me, there is so much variation in texture and color! As a mineralogist, I marvel at Technicians with ESA (European Space Agency) and Airbus installed the four solar array wings on NASAs Orion spacecraft for Artemis II on March 3. The solar array wings, attached to the service module, deploy after Orion reaches space to power NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 mission with agency astronauts Nick Hague, Butch Wilmore, and Suni Williams, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Aleksandr Gorbunov is preparing to return to Earth following their science mission aboard the International Space Station. Hague, Williams, and Wilmore completed more The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024.

This cloudiness comes from glacial flour: bits of pulverized rock ground down by glaciers that has the consistency of flour. Several meltwater streams rich with NASA invites the public to take part in virtual activities for the launch of the agencys SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station. NASA astronauts Anne McClain, commander, and Nichole Ayers, pilot, along with mission specialists JAXA (Japan Aerospace Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. NASA astronauts Anne McClain, Nichole Ayers, JAXA (Japan Aerospace As NASA continues to enable a sustainable, cost-effective commercial space economy, the agency is seeking partnership proposals for the operations, sustaining engineering, and utilization of Astrobee, a free-flying robotic system aboard the International Space Station.

The Announcement for Partnership Proposal A classification is when a volunteer or citizen scientist finishes marking up or sorting one image or other piece of data. Each classification done by volunteers for the Redshift Wrangler project tells us something about the distance and age of The ARMD 2024 Associate Administrator Awards were presented to NASA employees, contractors, and students or interns who distinguished themselves, either individually or as part of a group, through their overall approach to their work and through results they achieved during NASA GRX-810 Licensing Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterJohn Lawson NASA Glenn Research CenterSteven M. ArnoldAaron B. BristerRobert W. CarterRobert H. EarpTimothy P. GabbChristopher J. GiuffrePaul R. GradlJason M. HannaBryan J. HarderAmy B. HiltabidelDale A. HopkinsChristopher eVTOL Propulsion Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterAaron D. AndersonDevin K. BoyleJeffryes W. ChapmanPeggy A. CornellTimothy P. DeverJustin P. ElchertHenry B. FainXavier Collazo FernandezMatthew G. GrangerJonathan M. GutknechtMichael C. HalbigPatrick A. HanlonHashmatullah HasseebDavid HausserScott A. HensleyKeith Self-Aligned Focusing Schlieren Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Langley Research CenterBrett F. BathelWayne E. PageJosh M. Weisberger 2024 AA Award Honorees 2024 AA Award Honorees PDF ARMD Associate Administrator Awards Airspace Operations Safety Program (AOSP) Resource Analyst Group  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterWarcquel D. FriesonMary NguyenSandra E. RamirezTiana (Thuy) D. Vo NASA Glenn Research CenterJulie A. Blackett NASA HeadquartersMichele D. DodsonJeffrey S. Farlin NASA Langley Research CenterYolanda Advanced Power Electronics Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterDavid AvanesianJulie A. BlystoneRebecca A. BuehrleMarc A. CarboneAriel E. DimstonMatthew G. GrangerSusanah R. KowalewskiAlex M. LearyJohn M. MaroliErik J. Stalcup HX5Gregor LiederbachScott L. MetzgerWesley A. Miller Peraton Inc.Nicholas C. The next full moon is called the Worm Moon. Also, there will be a total lunar eclipse this full moon.

The Moon will be full early Friday morning, March 14, at 2:55 a.m. EDT, but will appear full for about During 2024-2025, helicopter blades optimized for Mars were tested in the Planetary Aeolian Laboratory (PAL) at NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Rotor Optimization for the Advancement of Mars eXploration (ROAMX) project. The experimental test-chamber of the PAL Written by Scott VanBommel, Planetary Scientist at Washington University Earth planning date: Monday, March 3, 2025 Curiosity continued steady progress through the upper sulfate unit and toward its next major science waypoint: the boxwork structures. Our rover is currently driving What is a NASA Spinoff?

Well, to answer that question, were going to have to go all the way back to 1958, back to the legislation that originally created the space agency, NASA. So in that legislation, theres some forward-looking Editors Note: This advisory was updated on March 6, 2025, to reflect the updated arrival timeline for NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station. Editors Note: This advisory was updated March 5, 2025, to correct that media may When astronauts walk on the Moon, theyll serve as the eyes, hands, and boots-on-the-ground interpreters supporting the broader teams of scientists on Earth. NASA is leveraging virtual reality to provide high-fidelity, cost-effective support to prepare crew members, flight control teams, The farthest-flung human-made objects will be able to take their science-gathering even farther, thanks to these energy-conserving measures. Mission engineers at NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Southern California turned off the cosmic ray subsystem experiment aboard Voyager 1 on Feb. NASAs Ethics Program provides training and counsel to NASA employees and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the agency-wide ethics program.

Headquarters and Center Chief Counsels ethics officials support the ethics program in their respective localities. A list of Cryocoolers are essential systems in many space exploration missions to maintain propellants at cryogenic temperatures. Cryogenic recuperators are a key component of these cryocoolers and dictate the performance of the system.

NASA is seeking to reduce the cost and increase In this NASAESA Hubble Space Telescope image, Hubble once again lifts the veil on a famous  and frequently photographed  supernova remnant: the Veil Nebula. The remnant of a star roughly 20 times as massive as the Sun that exploded about List items:  Climate Change  Artemis  Expedition 64  Mars perseverance  SpaceX Crew-2  International Space Station  View All Topics A-Z  Home  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  Español  News  Events  Multimedia  NASA  Search All NASA Missions  A to Z List of Missions  Upcoming Launches and Landings  Spaceships and Rockets  Communicating with Missions  Artemis  James Webb Space Telescope  Hubble Space Telescope  International Space Station  OSIRIS-Rex  Why Go to Space  Astronauts  Commercial Space  Destinations  Spaceships and Rockets  Living in Space  Explore Earth Science  Climate Change  Earth, Our Planet  Earth Science in Action  Earth Multimedia  Earth Data  Earth Science Researchers  The Sun  Mercury  Venus  Earth  The Moon  Mars  Jupiter  Saturn  Uranus  Neptune  Pluto  Dwarf Planets  Asteroids, Comets  Meteors  The Kuiper Belt  The Oort Cloud  Skywatching  Exoplanets  The Search for Life in the Universe  Stars  Galaxies  Black Holes  The Big Bang  Dark Energy  Dark Matter  Earth Science  Planetary Science  Astrophysics  Space Science  The Sun  Heliophysics  Biological  Physical Sciences  Lunar Science  Citizen Science  Astromaterials  Aeronautics Research  Human Space Travel Research  Science in the Air  NASA Aircraft  Flight Innovation  Supersonic Flight  Air Traffic Solutions  Green Aviation Tech  Drones  You  Technology Transfer  Spinoffs  Space Travel Technology  Technology Living in Space  Manufacturing and Materials  Robotics  Science Instruments  Computing  For Kids and Students  For Educators  For Colleges and Universities  For Professionals  Science for Everyone  Requests for Exhibits, Artifacts, or Speakers  STEM Engagement at NASA  NASA's Impacts  Centers and Facilities  Directorates  Organizations  People of NASA  Careers  Internships  Our History  Doing Business with NASA  Get Involved  Contact  Ciencia  Aeronáutica  Ciencias Terrestres  Sistema Solar  Universo  All NASA News  Video Series on NASA  Podcasts  Blogs  Newsletters  Social Media  Media Resources  Events  Upcoming Launches  Landings  Virtual Guest Program  NASA  Images  NASA Live  NASA Apps  Podcasts  Image of the Day  e-Books  Sounds and Ringtones  Interactives  STEM Multimedia

====================

In the spotlight  Recommended  Trending  Featured videos  More  Featured images  More items  More items  More items List items:  Agenda 2025  Advisory group report  Accelerators  Space Summit 2023  Science  Exploration  Space Safety  Applications  Enabling  Support  Space Science  Human and Robotic Exploration  Observing the Earth  Connectivity  Satellite Navigation  Space Transportation  Technology  Operations  Careers at ESA  Business with ESA  ESA for Media  Education at ESA

---

Related Links Europes newest rocket, Ariane 6, took flight for the second time from Europes Spaceport in French Guiana at 13:24 local time on 6 March (16:24 GMT, 17:24 CET). This was the first commercial flight for Ariane 6, flight VA263, delivering the CSO-3 satellite to orbit.

Arianespace was the operator and launch service provider for the French Procurement agency (DGA) and Frances space agency CNES on behalf of the French Air and Space Forces Space Command (CDE). During this second launch, all phases were successfully executed, including the Auxiliary Propulsion Unit (APU) reignition, the Vinci engines third boost and deorbiting of the upper stage. Josef Aschbacher, ESAs Director General said: The second successful flight of Ariane 6 marks a significant milestone in Europe's journey towards enhanced autonomous access to space. Ariane 6 is a bedrock of this endeavour, paving the way for a promising future for European space activities, alongside Vega-C and new European launchers on the horizon.

This achievement would not have been possible without the dedication, collaboration, and hard work of our incredible teams. My heartfelt thanks go out to all colleagues who have made this monumental accomplishment possible. Together, we are elevating the future of Europe - and remember, it all starts with a launch. The first commercial launch of Ariane 6 demonstrates what will become regular with several Ariane 6 launches planned for 2025. The upper stage also showed its full potential, a unique piece of hardware that can ensure all types of missions to orbit while also actively avoid becoming space debris itself, reaffirming Europes commitment to minimise in-orbit space debris, said Toni Tolker-Nielsen, ESA Director of Space Transportation.

Ariane 6 is Europes heavy launcher and a key element of ESAs efforts to ensure autonomous access to space for Europes citizens. Its modular and versatile design allows it to launch all missions from low-Earth orbit into deep space. For this launch, the rocket was used in its two-booster configuration. Shortly after liftoff and booster separation, the upper stage separated from the core stage. The upper stage engine then fired for the first time, taking Ariane 6 into an elliptical orbit travelling 300 km at its closest to Earth, and 600 km at its farthest from Earth, achieving the chill-down and first ignition of the Vinci engine and of the Auxiliary Propulsion Unit.

After a coasting phase lasting 37 minutes, the engine fired up for a second time. After Vincis second boost, the rockets passenger, a French satellite called CSO-3, was injected into Sun-Synchronous Orbit at an altitude of around 800 km. Spacecraft separation occurred one hour and six minutes after liftoff. After the successful delivery of CSO-3, Ariane 6 demonstrated the full potential of its upper stage. The Auxiliary Propulsion Unit ignited as expected, and the Vinci engines third boost put the upper stage into a reentry orbit to safely burn up through Earths atmosphere, preventing accumulation of space debris.

This confirms the full capability of Ariane 6. Thank you for liking You have already liked this page, you can only like it once! ---

Related Articles  Related Links At the European Space Agencys technical heart in the Netherlands, engineers have spent the last five months unboxing and testing elements of Europes next space science mission. With the two main parts now joined together, Smile is well on its way to being ready to launch by the end of 2025. Smile will give humankind its first complete look at how Earth reacts to streams of particles and bursts of radiation from the Sun.

By improving our understanding of the solar wind, solar storms and space weather, Smile will fill a stark gap in our understanding of the Solar System. To make sure that the mission is a success, our teams are working tirelessly behind the scenes. Watch the video below to get a glimpse into what weve been up to recently.

[Text continues after video] As a 5050 collaboration between ESA and the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Smile is a truly international effort. Pieces of the spacecraft have been built by teams across Europe and China, and are now finally united at ESAs technical heart (ESTEC). Smiles crucial payload module  which contains three of its four scientific instruments  was built by Airbus in Spain on behalf of ESA. This major piece was the first to arrive at ESTEC in September last year.

The arrival of the payload module kicked off a year-long integration and testing phase, where colleagues from ESA, Airbus and CAS are all working together at ESTEC to prepare the spacecraft for flight. Step one was to put the payload module through a gruelling test regime to make sure that it was absolutely ready to work perfectly as a complete unit in the challenging space environment. The process was not always smooth sailing. On 21 November 2024, Airbus and ESA teams looked on nervously as the spacecrafts 3 m-long magnetometer boom refused to lock into place.

Engineers entered into intense discussion and very quickly discovered the cause: a bundle of cables that was too stiff and not mounted correctly. The team fixed the issue immediately by loosening the bundle and mounting it slightly differently. They successfully released the boom again the following day. A round of applause filled the room when the boom clicked into place. Click on the image below to find out more about the magnetometer boom and the little instrument that sits at its end.

Overall, the arrival and testing of the payload module went really well and we are confident that the instruments on board are going to collect fantastic scientific data once in space, says ESAs David Agnolon, who is managing the European side of the Smile project. This is the first time that ESA and China are collaborating on a project of this type and scale, and we have already overcome many challenges thanks to an excellent spirit of cooperation on both sides. One of the biggest challenges that David refers to relates to working with colleagues in another continent during the COVID-19 era. In 2022, for example, Airbus sent a model of the Smile payload module to China for testing.

But because of travel restrictions, Airbus and ESA colleagues were not able to support the testing of their own hardware, and the teams had to resort to online engineering. Fortunately, colleagues from around the world are now able to work harmoniously at ESTEC, sharing cultures and traditions as well as engineering knowledge. On 9 December 2024, Smiles platform arrived on a dedicated flight from Shanghai, together with 15 engineers and managers from CAS. The platform contains the fourth scientific instrument, as well as everything else that the spacecraft needs to function, including the modules responsible for powering, steering and controlling the spacecraft.

Getting Smiles platform to the Netherlands was no easy feat. It was the first time a spacecraft platform was exported to Europe from China. Special authorisations were needed, for example from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, Air China Cargo, the Dutch and Chinese civil aviation authorities and ESAs own transport company. The arrival of the platform was ultimately delayed because of the huge amount of documentation involved, in particular for the ammonia in the heat pipes labelled as dangerous goods.

Finally, on 21 January 2025, Smiles payload module could be connected to the platform with 120 bolts. This delicate procedure required perfect precision, with about twenty people from ESA, CAS and Airbus surrounding the spacecraft, fully focused on the task in hand. The engineers wore white cleanroom suits, hair and beard nets, and shoe coverings to protect the spacecraft from dust and dirt.

As they say, the devil is in the detail, and the team quickly encountered an obstacle. They realised that when they would place the payload module onto the platform, some cables would slightly cover up the bolts, making the attachment tricky. Engineers put their heads together (literally  the cleanroom environment can be busy!)

and quickly came up with a solution. They made a last-minute adjustment to the integration procedure, deciding to place some bolts before lifting the payload module, to ensure that the later attachment would go as smoothly as possible. Finally, the payload module was ready to move.

Engineers attached hooks and used a hoisting device to lift it very slowly, at about a centimetre per second. Smiles assembly, integration and testing manager from ESA, Benjamin Vanoutryve, looked on attentively. This moment was finally happening, after so many years of meticulous preparation work on two sides of the world. In just a moment, we would finally see our Smile spacecraft as a real object for the first time, says Benjamin.

An Airbus engineer used a remote-control belt to carry the payload module over to the platform, and lower it slowly, millimetre by millimetre, to line up perfectly with the platform below. When the two were separated by just 20 cm, Airbus handed over to CAS, who took care of the very final attachment. CAS and Airbus colleagues in safety harnesses up on aerial platforms closely monitored the operation. As the payload module was lowered into place, the engineers could start bolting the two parts of the spacecraft together. For the first time, the teams are now dealing with a complete spacecraft.

So, whats next for this little spacecraft with big ambitions? From this month, Smile will be tested for the first time as a complete unit. Engineers will have to get it to pass tough checks with flying colours before being allowed out on its own, including making sure that the entire system can operate properly in the vacuum of space, that the different parts of the spacecraft dont create too much electromagnetic disturbance for other parts, and that the violent launch wont shake the spacecraft apart.

Airbus engineers will continue to support the CAS and ESA teams throughout the entire test campaign to ensure that the platform and payload module work perfectly well together and help to resolve any issues. By September 2025, Smile should be ready to go, and our ESTEC colleagues will wave goodbye as it ships off to Europes Spaceport in French Guiana. From there, the team will prepare Smile for launch on a Vega-C rocket, hopefully by the end of this year. Follow the latest mission news via esa.intsmile Thank you for liking You have already liked this page, you can only like it once! List items:  Engineer inspects Smile spacecraft segment  Smile spacecraft before two become one  Smile payload modules first taste of flight  Smile payload module turns aerial dancer  Perfect placement for Smiles payload module  Smile spacecraft: two become one  Smile spacecraft is complete for the first time

====================

JAXA Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  What's New  Press Release  Topics in Your Area  Quick Access  About JAXA  Our Missions  Official Sites of Our Directorates and Departments  Digital Archives  YouTube  Topics index  Dr. Yamakawa, President of JAXA attended the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2025 (Davos Meeting)  Visit by ESA Director General Dr. Josef Aschbacher  JAXA received the Marshall Green Award from the Japan-America Society of Washington DC.

Topics by Region  Curated Contents  Topics by Theme This is where you can find reports and information about JAXA missions based on your area such as country, region and interests. We are promoting international collaboration and contributing to the world as a leading aerospace institution. X-Ray Imaging and Spectroscopy Mission (XRISM) Smart Lander for Investigating Moon (SLIM) Lunar Polar Exploration Mission(LUPEX) GOSAT-2 Enhance the functionality and performance of greenhouse gas observations BepiColombo BepiColombo will elucidate the mysteries of Mercury H3 Launch Vehicle Epsilon Launch Vehicle Lowering the hurdles to space Transfer Vehicle "HTV-X" JAXA Astronauts Emission free aircraft technology CRD2(Commercial Removal of Debris Demonstration) RABBIT(Risk Avoidance assist tool based on debris collision proBaBiliTy) Rainfall WatchGSMaP Educational contents Photo Video Video JAXA Explore to Realize PAGE TOP List items:  Japanese  Contact and FAQ  About JAXA  Missions  Global Activities  Category Top  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Transition of Number of Staff and Budget  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  SDGs  Press Release  Employment Opportunities  Category Top  Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection  From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage  RD and Operations of Transportation System  In search of Origins  Safety and Prosperity in the Sky  RD for Innovative Technologies  Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Special (Feature StoriesInterviews)  JAXA Digital Archives  Observation  Research Result Database  JAXA Repository  AIREX  Launch Schedule  Launch Records  Major projects in the field of aeronautics  Launch Vehicles  Flight Experiment  Satellites and Spacecraft  Category Top  International Contributions  Tours and Exhibits  Library  Magazine "JAXA's"  Contact and FAQ  Pamphlet  Co-creating with the Private Sector  Space Education Center  Feb. 14, 2025 (11:07) Dr. Yamakawa, President of JAXA attended the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2025 (Davos Meeting)  Nov. 20, 2024 (14:00) Visit by ESA Director General Dr. Josef Aschbacher  Nov. 6, 2024 (15:00) JAXA received the Marshall Green Award from the Japan-America Society of Washington DC. Feb. 28, 2025 (14:00) [release]Space Strategic Fund Program: Determination of Implementing Agencies for Technology Development (Japanese Only)  Feb. 28, 2025 (11:00) [release]Launch date and time of the Crew Dragon Spacecraft (Crew-10) with JAXA Astronaut ONISHI Takuya  Feb. 13, 2025 (10:00) [release]Study Based on Observation Data from X-Ray Imaging and Spectroscopy Mission (XRISM) Published in Nature  Utilization for Earth and Environment Observation  Saving Lives with Satellites  Various Missions by International Cooperation  More Information  Water Resources and Disaster Management  Health  ICT  Natural Resources and Energy  Agricultural and Rural Development  Fisheries  Environmental Management  Urban and Regional Development  Human Resource Development  Development of Space Infrastructure  Science  Transportation  International Cooperation  Space Exploration  For Industries  For Researchers  For Students and Educators  For Media  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  Employment Opportunities  Press Release  More about JAXA  X-Ray Imaging and Spectroscopy Mission (XRISM)  Smart Lander for Investigating Moon (SLIM)  Lunar Polar Exploration Mission(LUPEX)  GOSAT-2 Enhance the functionality and performance of greenhouse gas observations  BepiColombo BepiColombo will elucidate the mysteries of Mercury  H3 Launch Vehicle  Epsilon Launch Vehicle Lowering the hurdles to space  Transfer Vehicle "HTV-X"  JAXA Astronauts  Emission free aircraft technology  CRD2(Commercial Removal of Debris Demonstration)  RABBIT(Risk Avoidance assist tool based on debris collision proBaBiliTy)  Rainfall WatchGSMaP  Educational contents  Space Technology Directorate I (Satellite Navigator)  Space Technology Directorate I (Earth-graphy)  Human Spaceflight Technology Directorate  JAXA Space Exploration Center  Space Exploration Innovation Hub Center  Institute of Space and Astronautical Science(ISAS)  Aviation Technology Directorate  Research and Development Directorate  Space Tracking and Communication Center  Business Development and Industrial Relations Department  Space Education Center  Environmental Test Technology Unit  Work-Life Support and Diversity Office  SDGs  Photo Video  Go to the Digital Archives (Photo and Video Archives)  Video  Go to the YouTube  twitter  facebook  YouTube  About JAXA Message from JAXA President Introduction of JAXA JAXA Philosophy History Board of Directors Organization Field Centers Law Concerning JAXA For the Environment Employment Opportunities Press Release  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  Employment Opportunities  Press Release  Missions Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage Development and Operation Transportation Systems Linking Ground and Space In search of Origins Safety and Prosperity in the Sky RD for Innovative Technologies Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection  From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage  Development and Operation Transportation Systems Linking Ground and Space  In search of Origins  Safety and Prosperity in the Sky  RD for Innovative Technologies  Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Global Activities International Contributuions Public Relations Co-creating with the Private Sector Educational Activities  International Contributuions  Public Relations  Co-creating with the Private Sector  Educational Activities  Topics in Your Area Asia Middle East Africa Oceania Central and South America Russia CIS Europe North America Global  Asia  Middle East  Africa  Oceania  Central and South America  Russia CIS  Europe  North America  Global  Space Transportation Technology Directorate  Space Technology Directorate I  Human Spaceflight Technology Directorate  Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS)  Aviation Technology Directorate  Research and Development Directorate  JAXA Space Exploration Center  Space Exploration Innovation Hub Center  Business Development and Industrial Relations Department  Space Strategy Fund Department  Space Education Center  Earth Observation Research Center  Space Tracking and Communications Center  Safety on Earth and in Space  SMA Department  Environmental Test Technology Unit  Work-Life Support and Diversity Office  Site Policy  Sitemap  Japanese

---

JAXA Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  Contact and FAQ  Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)  Inquiries  Inquiry Form Thank you very much for visiting the JAXA Website. Many potential queries about JAXA are answered in the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) pages.

To contact us with questions about space or JAXA, please fill out the form below. We value your feedback and would appreciate your taking time to elaborate, too. It may take time for us to respond, but we will try to answer your question as soon as possible.

Please read the Copyright Information in the Digital Archives prior to use. JAXA Explore to Realize PAGE TOP List items:  Japanese  Contact and FAQ  About JAXA  Missions  Global Activities  Category Top  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Transition of Number of Staff and Budget  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  SDGs  Press Release  Employment Opportunities  Category Top  Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection  From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage  RD and Operations of Transportation System  In search of Origins  Safety and Prosperity in the Sky  RD for Innovative Technologies  Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Special (Feature StoriesInterviews)  JAXA Digital Archives  Observation  Research Result Database  JAXA Repository  AIREX  Launch Schedule  Launch Records  Major projects in the field of aeronautics  Launch Vehicles  Flight Experiment  Satellites and Spacecraft  Category Top  International Contributions  Tours and Exhibits  Library  Magazine "JAXA's"  Contact and FAQ  Pamphlet  Co-creating with the Private Sector  Space Education Center  Home  Global Activity  Public Relations  Contact and FAQ  1. Frequently Asked Questions About JAXA  2.

Regarding Public Affairs Services  3. Others  JAXA Digital Archives (Photo and Video Archives)  Inquiry Form  twitter  facebook  YouTube  About JAXA Message from JAXA President Introduction of JAXA JAXA Philosophy History Board of Directors Organization Field Centers Law Concerning JAXA For the Environment Employment Opportunities Press Release  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  Employment Opportunities  Press Release  Missions Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage Development and Operation Transportation Systems Linking Ground and Space In search of Origins Safety and Prosperity in the Sky RD for Innovative Technologies Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection  From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage  Development and Operation Transportation Systems Linking Ground and Space  In search of Origins  Safety and Prosperity in the Sky  RD for Innovative Technologies  Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Global Activities International Contributuions Public Relations Co-creating with the Private Sector Educational Activities  International Contributuions  Public Relations  Co-creating with the Private Sector  Educational Activities  Topics in Your Area Asia Middle East Africa Oceania Central and South America Russia CIS Europe North America Global  Asia  Middle East  Africa  Oceania  Central and South America  Russia CIS  Europe  North America  Global  Space Transportation Technology Directorate  Space Technology Directorate I  Human Spaceflight Technology Directorate  Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS)  Aviation Technology Directorate  Research and Development Directorate  JAXA Space Exploration Center  Space Exploration Innovation Hub Center  Business Development and Industrial Relations Department  Space Strategy Fund Department  Space Education Center  Earth Observation Research Center  Space Tracking and Communications Center  Safety on Earth and in Space  SMA Department  Environmental Test Technology Unit  Work-Life Support and Diversity Office  Site Policy  Sitemap  Japanese

---

JAXA Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  About JAXA  About JAXA  Employment Opportunities  Press Release  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Transition of Number of Staff and Budget  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Policy on Intellectual Property  For the Environment JAXA is looking for talented and motivated individuals who are willing to work at the frontline of Japanese space development, space science and aviation technology. You can find official JAXA press releases on the website. You can also subscribe through e-mail or RSS.

JAXA Explore to Realize PAGE TOP List items:  Japanese  Contact and FAQ  About JAXA  Missions  Global Activities  Category Top  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Transition of Number of Staff and Budget  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  SDGs  Press Release  Employment Opportunities  Category Top  Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection  From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage  RD and Operations of Transportation System  In search of Origins  Safety and Prosperity in the Sky  RD for Innovative Technologies  Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Special (Feature StoriesInterviews)  JAXA Digital Archives  Observation  Research Result Database  JAXA Repository  AIREX  Launch Schedule  Launch Records  Major projects in the field of aeronautics  Launch Vehicles  Flight Experiment  Satellites and Spacecraft  Category Top  International Contributions  Tours and Exhibits  Library  Magazine "JAXA's"  Contact and FAQ  Pamphlet  Co-creating with the Private Sector  Space Education Center  Home  About JAXA  twitter  facebook  YouTube  About JAXA Message from JAXA President Introduction of JAXA JAXA Philosophy History Board of Directors Organization Field Centers Law Concerning JAXA For the Environment Employment Opportunities Press Release  Message from JAXA President  Introduction of JAXA  JAXA Philosophy  History  Board of Directors  Organization  Field Centers  Law Concerning JAXA  For the Environment  Employment Opportunities  Press Release  Missions Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage Development and Operation Transportation Systems Linking Ground and Space In search of Origins Safety and Prosperity in the Sky RD for Innovative Technologies Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Satellite Data Contribute to Environmental Protection  From "Kibo" and "HTV-X":To the Next Stage  Development and Operation Transportation Systems Linking Ground and Space  In search of Origins  Safety and Prosperity in the Sky  RD for Innovative Technologies  Towards Future International Exploration of Space  Global Activities International Contributuions Public Relations Co-creating with the Private Sector Educational Activities  International Contributuions  Public Relations  Co-creating with the Private Sector  Educational Activities  Topics in Your Area Asia Middle East Africa Oceania Central and South America Russia CIS Europe North America Global  Asia  Middle East  Africa  Oceania  Central and South America  Russia CIS  Europe  North America  Global  Space Transportation Technology Directorate  Space Technology Directorate I  Human Spaceflight Technology Directorate  Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS)  Aviation Technology Directorate  Research and Development Directorate  JAXA Space Exploration Center  Space Exploration Innovation Hub Center  Business Development and Industrial Relations Department  Space Strategy Fund Department  Space Education Center  Earth Observation Research Center  Space Tracking and Communications Center  Safety on Earth and in Space  SMA Department  Environmental Test Technology Unit  Work-Life Support and Diversity Office  Site Policy  Sitemap  Japanese