Suggested Searches  Intuitive Machines Lunar Landing  Featured News  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10  Humans in Space  Earth Information Center  Image Of The Day  Image Of The Day  More NASA Images  Explore the Universe from your Inbox  More Topics from NASA  Featured  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  NASA en Español  News  Events  Multimedia  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Highlights  NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 Scientific Mission on Space Station Concludes  NASA Invites You to Share Excitement of Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 to Explore Deep Space Exercise, Health  Highlights  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  An Ocean in Motion: NASAs Mesmerizing View of Earths Underwater Highways  Going With the Flow: Visualizing Ocean Currents with ECCO  Highlights  The Next Full Moon is the Worm Moon  Marchs Night Sky Notes: Messier Madness  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  Hubble Captures New View of Colorful Veil  NASAs Hubble Provides Birds-Eye View of Andromeda Galaxys Ecosystem  Highlights  Foundations  How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  Highlights  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  The NACA: Launching the Future of Flight  NASAs X-59 Completes Electromagnetic Testing  Highlights  What is a NASA Spinoff? We Asked a NASA Expert: Episode 53  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  University High Knows the Answers at NASA JPL Regional Science Bowl  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon.

Featured  NASA Uses New Technology to Understand California Wildfires  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  Highlights  Mejores imágenes de Ciencia en la estación espacial 2024  La NASA identifica causa de pérdida de material del escudo térmico de Orion de Artemis I  Preguntas frecuentes: La verdadera historia del cuidado de la salud de los astronautas en el espacio  LUNAR SCIENCE  LUNAR SCIENCE  LUNAR ECONOMY  Living in Space  Commercial Space  Low Earth Orbit Economy  Spaceships and Rockets  Today  Today  Earth Gallery  Earths Moon Gallery  Sun Gallery  Missions  Humans In Space  Climate Change  Our Solar System  Universe  Science News  Aeronautics  Technology Intuitive Machines lunar lander touched down on the Moon at approximately 12:30 p.m. EST on Thursday, March 6. The companys IM-2 mission is part of NASAs Commercial Lunar Payload Services initiative. NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon X-ray Signal Points to Destroyed Planet, Chandra Finds NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon NASA Turns Off 2 Voyager Science Instruments to Extend Mission FARMing with Data: OpenET Launches new Tool for Farmers and Ranchers Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station on Wednesday, March 12, as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. For more than 50 years, NASA satellites have provided data on Earth's land, water, air, temperature, and climate.

NASA's Earth Information Center allows visitors to see how our planet is changing in six key areas: sea level rise and coastal impacts, health and air quality, wildfires, greenhouse gases, sustainable energy, and agriculture. Kachemak Bays Stony Waters The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. Stay up-to-date on the latest news from NASAfrom Earth to the Moon, the Solar System and beyond. We will never share your email address.

Privacy Policy Intuitive Machines lunar lander touched down on the Moon at approximately 12:30 p.m. EST on Thursday, March 6. The companys IM-2 mission is part of NASAs Commercial Lunar Payload Services initiative. NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon X-ray Signal Points to Destroyed Planet, Chandra Finds NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon NASA Turns Off 2 Voyager Science Instruments to Extend Mission FARMing with Data: OpenET Launches new Tool for Farmers and Ranchers Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station on Wednesday, March 12, as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. For more than 50 years, NASA satellites have provided data on Earth's land, water, air, temperature, and climate.

NASA's Earth Information Center allows visitors to see how our planet is changing in six key areas: sea level rise and coastal impacts, health and air quality, wildfires, greenhouse gases, sustainable energy, and agriculture. Kachemak Bays Stony Waters The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. Stay up-to-date on the latest news from NASAfrom Earth to the Moon, the Solar System and beyond. We will never share your email address.

Privacy Policy List items:  Climate Change  Artemis  Expedition 64  Mars perseverance  SpaceX Crew-2  International Space Station  View All Topics A-Z  Home  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  Español  News  Events  Multimedia  NASA  Search All NASA Missions  A to Z List of Missions  Upcoming Launches and Landings  Spaceships and Rockets  Communicating with Missions  Artemis  James Webb Space Telescope  Hubble Space Telescope  International Space Station  OSIRIS-Rex  Why Go to Space  Astronauts  Commercial Space  Destinations  Spaceships and Rockets  Living in Space  Explore Earth Science  Climate Change  Earth, Our Planet  Earth Science in Action  Earth Multimedia  Earth Data  Earth Science Researchers  The Sun  Mercury  Venus  Earth  The Moon  Mars  Jupiter  Saturn  Uranus  Neptune  Pluto  Dwarf Planets  Asteroids, Comets  Meteors  The Kuiper Belt  The Oort Cloud  Skywatching  Exoplanets  The Search for Life in the Universe  Stars  Galaxies  Black Holes  The Big Bang  Dark Energy  Dark Matter  Earth Science  Planetary Science  Astrophysics  Space Science  The Sun  Heliophysics  Biological  Physical Sciences  Lunar Science  Citizen Science  Astromaterials  Aeronautics Research  Human Space Travel Research  Science in the Air  NASA Aircraft  Flight Innovation  Supersonic Flight  Air Traffic Solutions  Green Aviation Tech  Drones  You  Technology Transfer  Spinoffs  Space Travel Technology  Technology Living in Space  Manufacturing and Materials  Robotics  Science Instruments  Computing  For Kids and Students  For Educators  For Colleges and Universities  For Professionals  Science for Everyone  Requests for Exhibits, Artifacts, or Speakers  STEM Engagement at NASA  NASA's Impacts  Centers and Facilities  Directorates  Organizations  People of NASA  Careers  Internships  Our History  Doing Business with NASA  Get Involved  Contact  Ciencia  Aeronáutica  Ciencias Terrestres  Sistema Solar  Universo  All NASA News  Video Series on NASA  Podcasts  Blogs  Newsletters  Social Media  Media Resources  Events  Upcoming Launches  Landings  Virtual Guest Program  NASA  Images  NASA Live  NASA Apps  Podcasts  Image of the Day  e-Books  Sounds and Ringtones  Interactives  STEM Multimedia

---

NASA News  Suggested Searches  Latest News  Resources for News Media  Communications Policy  Media Accreditation Policy  Media Contacts  Upcoming Launches  Images  NASA Brand Center  Budgets and Reports  News Release Archive  Discover More  Featured  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  NASA en Español  News  Events  Multimedia  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Highlights  NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 Scientific Mission on Space Station Concludes  NASA Invites You to Share Excitement of Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 to Explore Deep Space Exercise, Health  Highlights  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  An Ocean in Motion: NASAs Mesmerizing View of Earths Underwater Highways  Going With the Flow: Visualizing Ocean Currents with ECCO  Highlights  The Next Full Moon is the Worm Moon  Marchs Night Sky Notes: Messier Madness  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  Hubble Captures New View of Colorful Veil  NASAs Hubble Provides Birds-Eye View of Andromeda Galaxys Ecosystem  Highlights  Foundations  How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  Highlights  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  The NACA: Launching the Future of Flight  NASAs X-59 Completes Electromagnetic Testing  Highlights  What is a NASA Spinoff? We Asked a NASA Expert: Episode 53  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  University High Knows the Answers at NASA JPL Regional Science Bowl  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  NASA Uses New Technology to Understand California Wildfires  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  Highlights  Mejores imágenes de Ciencia en la estación espacial 2024  La NASA identifica causa de pérdida de material del escudo térmico de Orion de Artemis I  Preguntas frecuentes: La verdadera historia del cuidado de la salud de los astronautas en el espacio  Sign up to receive NASA news releases and other information. Station Preps for Command Change, Conducts Heart and Bone Research NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking Crew Works Vein Scans and Muscle Stimulation Prior to Upcoming Departure NASA Awards Launch Service for Mission to Study Storm Formation Policy on the release of information to news and information media Agencywide media accreditation policy Contact information for the newsroom, centers, and interview requests Calendar for upcoming launches and landings Images from programs throughout the agency's history Specific guidelines for use of the agency's brand, merchandise, and media Budgets, plans, and reports News releases from 2015 to the present 2024 News Releases Blogs Newsletters NASA History Station Preps for Command Change, Conducts Heart and Bone Research NASA Sets Coverage for Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch, Docking Crew Works Vein Scans and Muscle Stimulation Prior to Upcoming Departure NASA Awards Launch Service for Mission to Study Storm Formation Policy on the release of information to news and information media Agencywide media accreditation policy Contact information for the newsroom, centers, and interview requests Calendar for upcoming launches and landings Images from programs throughout the agency's history Specific guidelines for use of the agency's brand, merchandise, and media Budgets, plans, and reports News releases from 2015 to the present 2024 News Releases Blogs Newsletters NASA History List items:  Climate Change  Artemis  Expedition 64  Mars perseverance  SpaceX Crew-2  International Space Station  View All Topics A-Z  Home  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  Español  News  Events  Multimedia  NASA  Search All NASA Missions  A to Z List of Missions  Upcoming Launches and Landings  Spaceships and Rockets  Communicating with Missions  Artemis  James Webb Space Telescope  Hubble Space Telescope  International Space Station  OSIRIS-Rex  Why Go to Space  Astronauts  Commercial Space  Destinations  Spaceships and Rockets  Living in Space  Explore Earth Science  Climate Change  Earth, Our Planet  Earth Science in Action  Earth Multimedia  Earth Data  Earth Science Researchers  The Sun  Mercury  Venus  Earth  The Moon  Mars  Jupiter  Saturn  Uranus  Neptune  Pluto  Dwarf Planets  Asteroids, Comets  Meteors  The Kuiper Belt  The Oort Cloud  Skywatching  Exoplanets  The Search for Life in the Universe  Stars  Galaxies  Black Holes  The Big Bang  Dark Energy  Dark Matter  Earth Science  Planetary Science  Astrophysics  Space Science  The Sun  Heliophysics  Biological  Physical Sciences  Lunar Science  Citizen Science  Astromaterials  Aeronautics Research  Human Space Travel Research  Science in the Air  NASA Aircraft  Flight Innovation  Supersonic Flight  Air Traffic Solutions  Green Aviation Tech  Drones  You  Technology Transfer  Spinoffs  Space Travel Technology  Technology Living in Space  Manufacturing and Materials  Robotics  Science Instruments  Computing  For Kids and Students  For Educators  For Colleges and Universities  For Professionals  Science for Everyone  Requests for Exhibits, Artifacts, or Speakers  STEM Engagement at NASA  NASA's Impacts  Centers and Facilities  Directorates  Organizations  People of NASA  Careers  Internships  Our History  Doing Business with NASA  Get Involved  Contact  Ciencia  Aeronáutica  Ciencias Terrestres  Sistema Solar  Universo  All NASA News  Video Series on NASA  Podcasts  Blogs  Newsletters  Social Media  Media Resources  Events  Upcoming Launches  Landings  Virtual Guest Program  NASA  Images  NASA Live  NASA Apps  Podcasts  Image of the Day  e-Books  Sounds and Ringtones  Interactives  STEM Multimedia

---

Suggested Searches  New NASA Web Content  Featured  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  NASA en Español  News  Events  Multimedia  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Highlights  NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 Scientific Mission on Space Station Concludes  NASA Invites You to Share Excitement of Agencys SpaceX Crew-10 Launch  NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 to Explore Deep Space Exercise, Health  Highlights  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  An Ocean in Motion: NASAs Mesmerizing View of Earths Underwater Highways  Going With the Flow: Visualizing Ocean Currents with ECCO  Highlights  The Next Full Moon is the Worm Moon  Marchs Night Sky Notes: Messier Madness  NASAs Hubble Finds Kuiper Belt Duo May Be Trio  Featured  NASAs Webb Exposes Complex Atmosphere of Starless Super-Jupiter  Hubble Captures New View of Colorful Veil  NASAs Hubble Provides Birds-Eye View of Andromeda Galaxys Ecosystem  Highlights  Foundations  How NASA is Using Virtual Reality to Prepare for Science on Moon  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  Highlights  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  The NACA: Launching the Future of Flight  NASAs X-59 Completes Electromagnetic Testing  Highlights  What is a NASA Spinoff?

We Asked a NASA Expert: Episode 53  NASA Successfully Acquires GPS Signals on Moon  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  2025 Aviation Weather Mission: Civil Air Patrol Cadets Help Scientists Study the Atmosphere with GLOBE Clouds  University High Knows the Answers at NASA JPL Regional Science Bowl  Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES)-2025 to be Released Soon. Featured  NASA Uses New Technology to Understand California Wildfires  Whats Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA  NASA Marks 110 Years Since Founding of Predecessor Organization  Highlights  Mejores imágenes de Ciencia en la estación espacial 2024  La NASA identifica causa de pérdida de material del escudo térmico de Orion de Artemis I  Preguntas frecuentes: La verdadera historia del cuidado de la salud de los astronautas en el espacio Stay up-to-date with the latest content from NASA as we explore the universe and discover more about our home planet.

Written by Melissa Rice, Professor of Planetary Science at Western Washington University This week, the Perseverance team faced a stubborn engineering challenge. After successfully collecting a core called Green Gardens from the Tablelands location, the rover struggled to seal the Written by Susanne Schwenzer, Planetary Geologist at The Open University Earth planning date: Wednesday, March 5, 2025 The Martian landscape never ceases to amaze me, there is so much variation in texture and color! As a mineralogist, I marvel at Technicians with ESA (European Space Agency) and Airbus installed the four solar array wings on NASAs Orion spacecraft for Artemis II on March 3. The solar array wings, attached to the service module, deploy after Orion reaches space to power NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 mission with agency astronauts Nick Hague, Butch Wilmore, and Suni Williams, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Aleksandr Gorbunov is preparing to return to Earth following their science mission aboard the International Space Station.

Hague, Williams, and Wilmore completed more The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. This cloudiness comes from glacial flour: bits of pulverized rock ground down by glaciers that has the consistency of flour. Several meltwater streams rich with NASA invites the public to take part in virtual activities for the launch of the agencys SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station.

NASA astronauts Anne McClain, commander, and Nichole Ayers, pilot, along with mission specialists JAXA (Japan Aerospace Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. NASA astronauts Anne McClain, Nichole Ayers, JAXA (Japan Aerospace As NASA continues to enable a sustainable, cost-effective commercial space economy, the agency is seeking partnership proposals for the operations, sustaining engineering, and utilization of Astrobee, a free-flying robotic system aboard the International Space Station. The Announcement for Partnership Proposal A classification is when a volunteer or citizen scientist finishes marking up or sorting one image or other piece of data. Each classification done by volunteers for the Redshift Wrangler project tells us something about the distance and age of The ARMD 2024 Associate Administrator Awards were presented to NASA employees, contractors, and students or interns who distinguished themselves, either individually or as part of a group, through their overall approach to their work and through results they achieved during NASA GRX-810 Licensing Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterJohn Lawson NASA Glenn Research CenterSteven M. ArnoldAaron B. BristerRobert W. CarterRobert H. EarpTimothy P. GabbChristopher J. GiuffrePaul R. GradlJason M. HannaBryan J. HarderAmy B. HiltabidelDale A. HopkinsChristopher eVTOL Propulsion Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterAaron D. AndersonDevin K. BoyleJeffryes W. ChapmanPeggy A. CornellTimothy P. DeverJustin P. ElchertHenry B. FainXavier Collazo FernandezMatthew G. GrangerJonathan M. GutknechtMichael C. HalbigPatrick A. HanlonHashmatullah HasseebDavid HausserScott A. HensleyKeith Self-Aligned Focusing Schlieren Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Langley Research CenterBrett F. BathelWayne E. PageJosh M. Weisberger 2024 AA Award Honorees 2024 AA Award Honorees PDF ARMD Associate Administrator Awards Airspace Operations Safety Program (AOSP) Resource Analyst Group  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterWarcquel D. FriesonMary NguyenSandra E. RamirezTiana (Thuy) D. Vo NASA Glenn Research CenterJulie A. Blackett NASA HeadquartersMichele D. DodsonJeffrey S. Farlin NASA Langley Research CenterYolanda Advanced Power Electronics Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterDavid AvanesianJulie A. BlystoneRebecca A. BuehrleMarc A. CarboneAriel E. DimstonMatthew G. GrangerSusanah R. KowalewskiAlex M. LearyJohn M. MaroliErik J. Stalcup HX5Gregor LiederbachScott L. MetzgerWesley A. Miller Peraton Inc.Nicholas C. The next full moon is called the Worm Moon.

Also, there will be a total lunar eclipse this full moon. The Moon will be full early Friday morning, March 14, at 2:55 a.m. EDT, but will appear full for about During 2024-2025, helicopter blades optimized for Mars were tested in the Planetary Aeolian Laboratory (PAL) at NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Rotor Optimization for the Advancement of Mars eXploration (ROAMX) project. The experimental test-chamber of the PAL Written by Scott VanBommel, Planetary Scientist at Washington University Earth planning date: Monday, March 3, 2025 Curiosity continued steady progress through the upper sulfate unit and toward its next major science waypoint: the boxwork structures. Our rover is currently driving What is a NASA Spinoff? Well, to answer that question, were going to have to go all the way back to 1958, back to the legislation that originally created the space agency, NASA.

So in that legislation, theres some forward-looking Editors Note: This advisory was updated on March 6, 2025, to reflect the updated arrival timeline for NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station. Editors Note: This advisory was updated March 5, 2025, to correct that media may When astronauts walk on the Moon, theyll serve as the eyes, hands, and boots-on-the-ground interpreters supporting the broader teams of scientists on Earth. NASA is leveraging virtual reality to provide high-fidelity, cost-effective support to prepare crew members, flight control teams, The farthest-flung human-made objects will be able to take their science-gathering even farther, thanks to these energy-conserving measures. Mission engineers at NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Southern California turned off the cosmic ray subsystem experiment aboard Voyager 1 on Feb. NASAs Ethics Program provides training and counsel to NASA employees and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the agency-wide ethics program.

Headquarters and Center Chief Counsels ethics officials support the ethics program in their respective localities. A list of Cryocoolers are essential systems in many space exploration missions to maintain propellants at cryogenic temperatures. Cryogenic recuperators are a key component of these cryocoolers and dictate the performance of the system. NASA is seeking to reduce the cost and increase In this NASAESA Hubble Space Telescope image, Hubble once again lifts the veil on a famous  and frequently photographed  supernova remnant: the Veil Nebula.

The remnant of a star roughly 20 times as massive as the Sun that exploded about Stay up-to-date with the latest content from NASA as we explore the universe and discover more about our home planet. Written by Melissa Rice, Professor of Planetary Science at Western Washington University This week, the Perseverance team faced a stubborn engineering challenge. After successfully collecting a core called Green Gardens from the Tablelands location, the rover struggled to seal the Written by Susanne Schwenzer, Planetary Geologist at The Open University Earth planning date: Wednesday, March 5, 2025 The Martian landscape never ceases to amaze me, there is so much variation in texture and color! As a mineralogist, I marvel at Technicians with ESA (European Space Agency) and Airbus installed the four solar array wings on NASAs Orion spacecraft for Artemis II on March 3.

The solar array wings, attached to the service module, deploy after Orion reaches space to power NASAs SpaceX Crew-9 mission with agency astronauts Nick Hague, Butch Wilmore, and Suni Williams, and Roscosmos cosmonaut Aleksandr Gorbunov is preparing to return to Earth following their science mission aboard the International Space Station. Hague, Williams, and Wilmore completed more The OLI (Operational Land Imager) on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. This cloudiness comes from glacial flour: bits of pulverized rock ground down by glaciers that has the consistency of flour. Several meltwater streams rich with NASA invites the public to take part in virtual activities for the launch of the agencys SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station.

NASA astronauts Anne McClain, commander, and Nichole Ayers, pilot, along with mission specialists JAXA (Japan Aerospace Four crew members are preparing to launch to the International Space Station as part of NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to perform research, technology demonstrations, and maintenance activities aboard the microgravity laboratory. NASA astronauts Anne McClain, Nichole Ayers, JAXA (Japan Aerospace As NASA continues to enable a sustainable, cost-effective commercial space economy, the agency is seeking partnership proposals for the operations, sustaining engineering, and utilization of Astrobee, a free-flying robotic system aboard the International Space Station. The Announcement for Partnership Proposal A classification is when a volunteer or citizen scientist finishes marking up or sorting one image or other piece of data. Each classification done by volunteers for the Redshift Wrangler project tells us something about the distance and age of The ARMD 2024 Associate Administrator Awards were presented to NASA employees, contractors, and students or interns who distinguished themselves, either individually or as part of a group, through their overall approach to their work and through results they achieved during NASA GRX-810 Licensing Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterJohn Lawson NASA Glenn Research CenterSteven M. ArnoldAaron B. BristerRobert W. CarterRobert H. EarpTimothy P. GabbChristopher J. GiuffrePaul R. GradlJason M. HannaBryan J. HarderAmy B. HiltabidelDale A. HopkinsChristopher eVTOL Propulsion Team, GRC  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterAaron D. AndersonDevin K. BoyleJeffryes W. ChapmanPeggy A. CornellTimothy P. DeverJustin P. ElchertHenry B. FainXavier Collazo FernandezMatthew G. GrangerJonathan M. GutknechtMichael C. HalbigPatrick A. HanlonHashmatullah HasseebDavid HausserScott A. HensleyKeith Self-Aligned Focusing Schlieren Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Langley Research CenterBrett F. BathelWayne E. PageJosh M. Weisberger 2024 AA Award Honorees 2024 AA Award Honorees PDF ARMD Associate Administrator Awards Airspace Operations Safety Program (AOSP) Resource Analyst Group  Denotes Team Lead NASA Ames Research CenterWarcquel D. FriesonMary NguyenSandra E. RamirezTiana (Thuy) D. Vo NASA Glenn Research CenterJulie A. Blackett NASA HeadquartersMichele D. DodsonJeffrey S. Farlin NASA Langley Research CenterYolanda Advanced Power Electronics Team  Denotes Team Lead NASA Glenn Research CenterDavid AvanesianJulie A. BlystoneRebecca A. BuehrleMarc A. CarboneAriel E. DimstonMatthew G. GrangerSusanah R. KowalewskiAlex M. LearyJohn M. MaroliErik J. Stalcup HX5Gregor LiederbachScott L. MetzgerWesley A. Miller Peraton Inc.Nicholas C. The next full moon is called the Worm Moon.

Also, there will be a total lunar eclipse this full moon. The Moon will be full early Friday morning, March 14, at 2:55 a.m. EDT, but will appear full for about During 2024-2025, helicopter blades optimized for Mars were tested in the Planetary Aeolian Laboratory (PAL) at NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Rotor Optimization for the Advancement of Mars eXploration (ROAMX) project. The experimental test-chamber of the PAL Written by Scott VanBommel, Planetary Scientist at Washington University Earth planning date: Monday, March 3, 2025 Curiosity continued steady progress through the upper sulfate unit and toward its next major science waypoint: the boxwork structures. Our rover is currently driving What is a NASA Spinoff?

Well, to answer that question, were going to have to go all the way back to 1958, back to the legislation that originally created the space agency, NASA. So in that legislation, theres some forward-looking Editors Note: This advisory was updated on March 6, 2025, to reflect the updated arrival timeline for NASAs SpaceX Crew-10 mission to the International Space Station. Editors Note: This advisory was updated March 5, 2025, to correct that media may When astronauts walk on the Moon, theyll serve as the eyes, hands, and boots-on-the-ground interpreters supporting the broader teams of scientists on Earth.

NASA is leveraging virtual reality to provide high-fidelity, cost-effective support to prepare crew members, flight control teams, The farthest-flung human-made objects will be able to take their science-gathering even farther, thanks to these energy-conserving measures. Mission engineers at NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Southern California turned off the cosmic ray subsystem experiment aboard Voyager 1 on Feb. NASAs Ethics Program provides training and counsel to NASA employees and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the agency-wide ethics program. Headquarters and Center Chief Counsels ethics officials support the ethics program in their respective localities. A list of Cryocoolers are essential systems in many space exploration missions to maintain propellants at cryogenic temperatures.

Cryogenic recuperators are a key component of these cryocoolers and dictate the performance of the system. NASA is seeking to reduce the cost and increase In this NASAESA Hubble Space Telescope image, Hubble once again lifts the veil on a famous  and frequently photographed  supernova remnant: the Veil Nebula. The remnant of a star roughly 20 times as massive as the Sun that exploded about List items:  Climate Change  Artemis  Expedition 64  Mars perseverance  SpaceX Crew-2  International Space Station  View All Topics A-Z  Home  Missions  Humans in Space  Earth  Climate  The Solar System  The Universe  Science  Aeronautics  Technology  Learning Resources  About NASA  Español  News  Events  Multimedia  NASA  Search All NASA Missions  A to Z List of Missions  Upcoming Launches and Landings  Spaceships and Rockets  Communicating with Missions  Artemis  James Webb Space Telescope  Hubble Space Telescope  International Space Station  OSIRIS-Rex  Why Go to Space  Astronauts  Commercial Space  Destinations  Spaceships and Rockets  Living in Space  Explore Earth Science  Climate Change  Earth, Our Planet  Earth Science in Action  Earth Multimedia  Earth Data  Earth Science Researchers  The Sun  Mercury  Venus  Earth  The Moon  Mars  Jupiter  Saturn  Uranus  Neptune  Pluto  Dwarf Planets  Asteroids, Comets  Meteors  The Kuiper Belt  The Oort Cloud  Skywatching  Exoplanets  The Search for Life in the Universe  Stars  Galaxies  Black Holes  The Big Bang  Dark Energy  Dark Matter  Earth Science  Planetary Science  Astrophysics  Space Science  The Sun  Heliophysics  Biological  Physical Sciences  Lunar Science  Citizen Science  Astromaterials  Aeronautics Research  Human Space Travel Research  Science in the Air  NASA Aircraft  Flight Innovation  Supersonic Flight  Air Traffic Solutions  Green Aviation Tech  Drones  You  Technology Transfer  Spinoffs  Space Travel Technology  Technology Living in Space  Manufacturing and Materials  Robotics  Science Instruments  Computing  For Kids and Students  For Educators  For Colleges and Universities  For Professionals  Science for Everyone  Requests for Exhibits, Artifacts, or Speakers  STEM Engagement at NASA  NASA's Impacts  Centers and Facilities  Directorates  Organizations  People of NASA  Careers  Internships  Our History  Doing Business with NASA  Get Involved  Contact  Ciencia  Aeronáutica  Ciencias Terrestres  Sistema Solar  Universo  All NASA News  Video Series on NASA  Podcasts  Blogs  Newsletters  Social Media  Media Resources  Events  Upcoming Launches  Landings  Virtual Guest Program  NASA  Images  NASA Live  NASA Apps  Podcasts  Image of the Day  e-Books  Sounds and Ringtones  Interactives  STEM Multimedia