Customize ESPN  Bubble Watch: Bearcats' tourney hopes in big trouble? Bracketology: Tennessee's a 1-seed again, but let's talk about the other end of the SEC  Bracketology: Why Virginia Tech must replace Minnesota as the last team in the field  31 auto-bids up for grabs: Predicting the winners of every Champ Week tournament  Winthrop advances in Big South tourney on buzzer-beater  Barnwell: Which teams should trade for DK Metcalf? 10 landing spots that make sense  Chiefs, Cowboys or Steelers: Where could Metcalf end up? Passan: Two major league teams, two minor league ballparks -- and what it says about the sport  From Skubal-level fastball to unique rookie: 10 players scouts are buzzing about  Customize ESPN  Fans storm the court after Ole Miss' big win over Tennessee  2025 NFL mock draft: Reid's pick predictions for Rounds 1-2  Picks, predictions for all 31 men's Champ Week tournaments  NHL trade grades: Report cards for the biggest deals of 2025  Ranking MLB's best at every position for 2025: Olney's top 10s  2025 NFL free agency live tracker: Signings, trades, rumors  Picks, predictions for all 31 Champ Week women's tournaments  NIL contracts have employment and pay-for-play all over them, experts say  How Kyrie Irving's injury reshapes the West play-in race  Sign up to play the 1 Fantasy Baseball Game  Sign up for FREE!

How to watch ESPN on Disney: Frequently asked questions  Enjoy the benefits of a personalized account After Ole Miss defeats No. 4 Tennessee, the fans storm the court to celebrate with the team. After Ole Miss defeats No.

4 Tennessee, the fans storm the court to celebrate with the team. Jordan Reid projects landing spots for top NFL prospects, three QBs and plenty of combine risers over the opening 64 picks. And he even has an early trade.

Why just 12 of 31 Champ Week winner picks are unanimous -- and why Auburn, St. John's and Houston aren't among them. Plus, the wide-open races include the Big Ten. The trades are flying ahead of the March 7 deadline. Find grades for each GM involved on all the big swaps here. As a new baseball season approaches, we compare the elite at every spot on the diamond.

Jordan Reid projects landing spots for top NFL prospects, three QBs and plenty of combine risers over the opening 64 picks. And he even has an early trade. Why just 12 of 31 Champ Week winner picks are unanimous -- and why Auburn, St. John's and Houston aren't among them. Plus, the wide-open races include the Big Ten. The trades are flying ahead of the March 7 deadline.

Find grades for each GM involved on all the big swaps here. As a new baseball season approaches, we compare the elite at every spot on the diamond. We're following NFL signings, trades and cuts for 2025 free agency, including news around Evan Engram, DK Metcalf and Joey Bosa. Which conference tournaments are wide open? Which have a clear favorite?

From the ACC to the WCC, we predict every Champ Week winner. Direct payments to athletes in the expected 2.8 billion NCAA settlement might not solve schools' legal woes Kyrie Irving's ACL injury is the latest setback for the Dallas Mavericks, and could open several teams' paths into the West play-in tournament. We're following NFL signings, trades and cuts for 2025 free agency, including news around Evan Engram, DK Metcalf and Joey Bosa. Which conference tournaments are wide open? Which have a clear favorite?

From the ACC to the WCC, we predict every Champ Week winner. Direct payments to athletes in the expected 2.8 billion NCAA settlement might not solve schools' legal woes Kyrie Irving's ACL injury is the latest setback for the Dallas Mavericks, and could open several teams' paths into the West play-in tournament. ESPN is available on Disney. Check out how to watch NHL, MLB, Pat McAfee, 30 for 30s and other exciting events now. ESPN is available on Disney.

Check out how to watch NHL, MLB, Pat McAfee, 30 for 30s and other exciting events now. Select your favorite leagues, teams and players and get the latest scores, news and updates that matter most to you. Select your favorite leagues, teams and players and get the latest scores, news and updates that matter most to you. List items:  Subscribe Now UFC 313: Pereira vs. Ankalaev (ESPN PPV) PGA TOUR LIVE NHL NCAA Men's Basketball NCAA Women's Basketball  UFC 313: Pereira vs. Ankalaev (ESPN PPV)  PGA TOUR LIVE  NHL  NCAA Men's Basketball  NCAA Women's Basketball  Men's Tournament Challenge  Women's Tournament Challenge  NFL Draft  Unrivaled 3-on-3  MLB Free Agency  Men's Bracketology  Women's Bracketology  Where To Watch  Today's Top Odds  ESPN Radio: Listen Live  Football  Baseball  Hockey  Men's Basketball  Women's Basketball  ESPN Deportes  Andscape  espnW  ESPNFC  X Games  SEC Network  ESPN  ESPN Fantasy  Tournament Challenge  Facebook  XTwitter  Instagram  Snapchat  TikTok  YouTube  Vlad Jr. reveals sub-600M ask in Blue Jays talks  Seahawks talking Metcalf deal with a 'ton of teams'  Avs land coveted center Nelson from Islanders  Sources: Roberts, Dodgers nearing long-term deal  Sources: Athletics extend Butler with 7-year deal  Knicks say 'next man up' as Brunson rolls ankle  Green: Podcast remarks on Towns 'what I heard'  U.S. offers 10M for arrest of former Olympian  14 NFL free agents who could be steals   Power Rankings: New team takes over top spot  Picks for every Champ Week tournament   Complete men's scoreboard   Conference standings   Complete NBA scoreboard   Standings   Complete women's scoreboard   Conference standings  Grading three big offseason trades   Offseason schedule: Key dates to know   The decline of the first baseman   Betting guide: Favorite prop bet for every team  Vlad Jr. reveals sub-600M ask in Blue Jays talks  Seahawks talking Metcalf deal with a 'ton of teams'  Avs land coveted center Nelson from Islanders  Sources: Roberts, Dodgers nearing long-term deal  Sources: Athletics extend Butler with 7-year deal  Knicks say 'next man up' as Brunson rolls ankle  Green: Podcast remarks on Towns 'what I heard'  U.S. offers 10M for arrest of former Olympian  14 NFL free agents who could be steals  0:31  Fans storm the court after Ole Miss' big win over TennesseeAfter Ole Miss defeats No.

4 Tennessee, the fans storm the court to celebrate with the team. ESPN Illustration  2025 NFL mock draft: Reid's pick predictions for Rounds 1-2Jordan Reid projects landing spots for top NFL prospects, three QBs and plenty of combine risers over the opening 64 picks. And he even has an early trade. AP PhotoButch Dill  Picks, predictions for all 31 men's Champ Week tournamentsWhy just 12 of 31 Champ Week winner picks are unanimous -- and why Auburn, St. John's and Houston aren't among them. Plus, the wide-open races include the Big Ten.

Jared SilberNHLI via Getty Images  NHL trade grades: Report cards for the biggest deals of 2025The trades are flying ahead of the March 7 deadline. Find grades for each GM involved on all the big swaps here. ESPN  Ranking MLB's best at every position for 2025: Olney's top 10sAs a new baseball season approaches, we compare the elite at every spot on the diamond.

Jeremy Reper-USA TODAY Sports  2025 NFL free agency live tracker: Signings, trades, rumorsWe're following NFL signings, trades and cuts for 2025 free agency, including news around Evan Engram, DK Metcalf and Joey Bosa. Nicholas FaulknerIcon Sportswire  Picks, predictions for all 31 Champ Week women's tournamentsWhich conference tournaments are wide open? Which have a clear favorite? From the ACC to the WCC, we predict every Champ Week winner.

Illustration by ESPN  NIL contracts have employment and pay-for-play all over them, experts sayDirect payments to athletes in the expected 2.8 billion NCAA settlement might not solve schools' legal woes  Troy Wayrynen-Imagn Images  How Kyrie Irving's injury reshapes the West play-in raceKyrie Irving's ACL injury is the latest setback for the Dallas Mavericks, and could open several teams' paths into the West play-in tournament. Mike WindleGetty Images for ESPN  How to watch ESPN on Disney: Frequently asked questionsESPN is available on Disney. Check out how to watch NHL, MLB, Pat McAfee, 30 for 30s and other exciting events now.

Enjoy the benefits of a personalized accountSelect your favorite leagues, teams and players and get the latest scores, news and updates that matter most to you. ---

Where to Watch  LIVE  6:00 AM  7:40 AM  10:00 AM  11:00 AM  12:00 PM  12:10 PM  12:30 PM  1:00 PM  1:05 PM  1:30 PM  2:00 PM  2:30 PM  3:00 PM WHERE TO WATCH is a registered trademark of Motion Picture Association, Inc., used under license. List items:  Where To Watch - Atlantic Coast Conference  Where To Watch - Big 12 Conference  Where To Watch - Big Ten Conference  Where To Watch - Bundesliga  Where To Watch - Champions League  Where To Watch - F1  Where To Watch - LALIGA  Where To Watch - MLB  Where To Watch - MLS  Where To Watch - NASCAR Cup Series  Where To Watch - NBA  Where To Watch - NCAA Baseball  Where To Watch - NCAA Football  Where To Watch - NCAA Men's Basketball  Where To Watch - NCAA Softball  Where To Watch - NCAA Women's Basketball  Where To Watch - NFL  Where To Watch - NHL  Where To Watch - NWSL  Where To Watch - PGA TOUR  Where To Watch - Premier League  Where To Watch - Soccer  Where To Watch - Southeastern Conference  Where To Watch - UFC  Where To Watch - WNBA  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy  Addendum to the Global Privacy Policy  Interest Based Ads

---

Customize ESPN  Barnwell: Which teams should trade for DK Metcalf? 10 landing spots that make sense  What's next for Joey Bosa after Chargers career of peaks and valleys?

Get ready for NFL free agency: Previewing stars who will get paid, under-the-radar sleepers and top QBs  14 players who could be underrated signings in free agency: Why there's value at corner  Grading NFL trades, signings: Did the Texans make a sneaky-good move in trading for Christian Kirk? What Jonah Jackson, Joe Thuney trades mean for rest of Bears' free agency (and the draft)  Kiper's new 2025 Big Board: Ranking the top 25 NFL draft prospects, plus position reports  A trade to kick off our new two-round NFL mock draft: Projecting picks 1 through 64  Shedeur Sanders' confidence at the NFL combine rubbed some the wrong way. It shouldn't have  Jalen Milroe could follow path of Jalen Hurts in NFL  Cowboys picked Zack Martin over Johnny Manziel, and he gave them a legendary career  How active will the Chargers be in free agency? Houston's offseason plans: Elevate QB C.J. Stroud and the offense  How Mekhi Becton soared with Eagles after sputtering with Jets  Aaron Rodgers, Cam Ward and the Giants' QB picture  The ideal fantasy landing spots for 2025 free agents  Rams QB Matthew Stafford donates football uniforms to Pasadena school affected by L.A.-area wildfires  NFL offseason trade offers for players seeking deals  2025 NFL mock drafts: Latest ESPN player, team predictions  2025 NFL free agency: Projecting one signing for every team  2025 NFL free agency live tracker: Signings, trades, rumors  Highest-paid NFL players: Most guaranteed money at every position  Untold stories of Mike McDaniel the football player  Customize ESPN The Rams quarterback and his wife donated uniforms to Pasadena High School, which lost football equipment in the Los Angeles-area wildfires.

Jaguars are releasing two-time Pro Bowl TE Evan Engram, per source. We looked closer at the NFL players who could get traded this offseason and proposed deals that make sense for each of them. Here are our experts' NFL mock drafts for the 2025 cycle, including projected landing spots for Shedeur Sanders. Milton Williams to the Titans?

Stefon Diggs to the Chiefs? We found offseason matches for every AFC and NFC team. We looked closer at the NFL players who could get traded this offseason and proposed deals that make sense for each of them. Here are our experts' NFL mock drafts for the 2025 cycle, including projected landing spots for Shedeur Sanders. Milton Williams to the Titans?

Stefon Diggs to the Chiefs? We found offseason matches for every AFC and NFC team. We're following NFL signings, trades and cuts for 2025 free agency, including news around Evan Engram, DK Metcalf and Joey Bosa.

We have seen a fair share of massive contracts in the NFL. So who tops the highest-paid list at every position as of today? Dolphins coach Mike McDaniel showed his passion for the game and some power in the weight room (!) at Yale.

We're following NFL signings, trades and cuts for 2025 free agency, including news around Evan Engram, DK Metcalf and Joey Bosa. We have seen a fair share of massive contracts in the NFL. So who tops the highest-paid list at every position as of today? Dolphins coach Mike McDaniel showed his passion for the game and some power in the weight room (!) at Yale.

List items:  Subscribe Now Live  Upcoming Games NFL PrimeTime Peyton's Places  Live  Upcoming Games  NFL PrimeTime  Peyton's Places  Free Agency Tracker  2025 NFL Draft  2025 Draft Order  NFL Offseason Schedule  Super Bowl Winners  Coaching Moves  Tickets  The Mina Kimes Show  Fantasy Focus Football  The Bill Barnwell Show  Football  Baseball  Hockey  Men's Basketball  Women's Basketball  ESPN  ESPN Fantasy  Tournament Challenge  Facebook  XTwitter  Instagram  Snapchat  TikTok  YouTube  ESPN Deportes  Andscape  espnW  ESPNFC  X Games  SEC Network  Ranking the top 100 free agents  Simulating NFL free agency for six top players  Seahawks talking Metcalf deal with a 'ton of teams'  Bengals letting star DE Hendrickson seek trade  Jaguars trading WR Kirk to Texans, source says  Source: Jags to cut 2-time Pro Bowl TE Engram  Sources: Wagner, Commanders reach 1-year deal  Source: Browns restructure Watson deal again  Deebo labels departure from 49ers 'bittersweet'  Jags center Morse retires after 10 NFL seasons  Franchise tag: Winners and losers  Tracking NFL free agency: Live updates on every signing, trade, cut and rumor  What will the Titans do at No. 1? Ranking first-round QBs vs. 2025 prospects  Seahawks talking Metcalf deal with a 'ton of teams'  Bengals letting star DE Hendrickson seek trade  Jaguars trading WR Kirk to Texans, source says  Source: Jags to cut 2-time Pro Bowl TE Engram  Sources: Wagner, Commanders reach 1-year deal  Source: Browns restructure Watson deal again  Deebo labels departure from 49ers 'bittersweet'  Jags center Morse retires after 10 NFL seasons  Franchise tag: Winners and losers  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports  NFL offseason trade offers for players seeking dealsWe looked closer at the NFL players who could get traded this offseason and proposed deals that make sense for each of them. ESPN  2025 NFL mock drafts: Latest ESPN player, team predictionsHere are our experts' NFL mock drafts for the 2025 cycle, including projected landing spots for Shedeur Sanders.

Photo by Bill StreicherImagn Images  2025 NFL free agency: Projecting one signing for every teamMilton Williams to the Titans? Stefon Diggs to the Chiefs? We found offseason matches for every AFC and NFC team. Jeremy Reper-USA TODAY Sports  2025 NFL free agency live tracker: Signings, trades, rumorsWe're following NFL signings, trades and cuts for 2025 free agency, including news around Evan Engram, DK Metcalf and Joey Bosa.

Jamie SabauUSA TODAY Sports  Highest-paid NFL players: Most guaranteed money at every positionWe have seen a fair share of massive contracts in the NFL. So who tops the highest-paid list at every position as of today? Courtesy Yale Athletics  Untold stories of Mike McDaniel the football playerDolphins coach Mike McDaniel showed his passion for the game and some power in the weight room (!) at Yale. ====================

Dubai International Cricket Stadium: Pitch report, records and highest scores in ODIs ahead of IND vs NZ Champions Trophy 2025 final clash  Cricket  IPL  NBA  Football  India  Editions  India  Argentina  Australia  Brasil  Canada  日本  México  대한민국  España  ไทย  United Kingdom  United States [English]  United States [Español]  Việt Nam  Featured  Sports  Editions  India  Argentina  Australia  Brasil  Canada  日本  México  대한민국  España  ไทย  United Kingdom  United States [English]  United States [Español]  Việt Nam  Champions Trophy 2025 final: How to buy tickets for IND vs NZ?

Virat Kohli vs Sachin Tendulkar - Who has the better stats in ODI run chases? Kohli's record in ICC finals  How has he performed on the big stage? What is India's record in the finals of ICC tournaments? Is there a reserve day for the Champions Trophy Final?

When is the Champions Trophy 2025 final? Date, teams and venue  Latest News  Champions Trophy 2025 final: How to buy tickets for IND vs NZ? Virat Kohli vs Sachin Tendulkar - Who has the better stats in ODI run chases?

Kohli's record in ICC finals  How has he performed on the big stage? What is India's record in the finals of ICC tournaments? Is there a reserve day for the Champions Trophy Final?

When is the Champions Trophy 2025 final? Date, teams and venue  Is India the most successful team in international cricket in the last decade? Teams with most ICC tournament final appearances in last 10 years  IND v NZ: Predicted XIs for Champions Trophy final  IND v NZ CT 2025 final: Toss and dew factor in Dubai explained  What is India's record in the finals of ICC tournaments?

How has the 'Fab Four' performed in ICC tournaments? Venkatesh Prasad criticizes lack of Karnataka players in the RCB squad  BCCI bans sleeveless jerseys in IPL 2025  New SOPs revealed  'Fearless cricket'- Rahane opens up on his new approach to T20  What is RCB Unbox Event? Date, venue and all you need to know  IPL 2025 captains: Full list of skippers for the upcoming season  Inside LeBron James' historic mark of 50,000 total career points  Charles Barkley goes off on ESPN, Kendrick Perkins over coverage: 'Y'all are idiots'  Why Warriors' Draymond Green is receiving backlash for KAT-Jimmy Butler take  How long is Jaren Jackson Jr. out with ankle injury? L.A. wins OT thriller as Jalen Brunson injured late  Man Utd face major transfer setback as star striker reportedly makes his wish clear  Real Madrid vs. Rayo Vallecano predicted lineups, team news: Bellingham straight back in?

When is Lionel Messi's next match for Inter Miami? Is Lionel Messi playing today? Latest news, updates on Inter Miami lineup  Barcelona vs. Osasuna predicted lineups, team news: Gavi a doubt with illness As India prepare for their Champions Trophy 2025 final clash against New Zealand, heres a look at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium's pitch, records, and top performances in ODIs.

Saurav Goyal As India prepare for their Champions Trophy 2025 final clash against New Zealand, heres a look at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium's pitch, records, and top performances in ODIs. Saino Zachariah Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Saino Zachariah Mayank Bande Saurav Goyal Saino Zachariah Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Saino Zachariah Mayank Bande Saurav Goyal Aishik Das Aishik Das Divy Dubey Saino Zachariah Aishik Das Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Aishik Das Saino Zachariah Gilbert McGregor Teddy Ricketson Teddy Ricketson Dan Treacy Teddy Ricketson Vishal Bhawani Joe Wright Kyle Bonn Kyle Bonn Kyle Bonn List items:  Cricket  IPL  NBA  Football  Kabaddi  Tennis  WWE  Boxing  MMA

---

Dubai International Cricket Stadium: Pitch report, records and highest scores in ODIs ahead of IND vs NZ Champions Trophy 2025 final clash  Cricket  IPL  NBA  Football  India  Editions  India  Argentina  Australia  Brasil  Canada  日本  México  대한민국  España  ไทย  United Kingdom  United States [English]  United States [Español]  Việt Nam  Featured  Sports  Editions  India  Argentina  Australia  Brasil  Canada  日本  México  대한민국  España  ไทย  United Kingdom  United States [English]  United States [Español]  Việt Nam  Champions Trophy 2025 final: How to buy tickets for IND vs NZ? Virat Kohli vs Sachin Tendulkar - Who has the better stats in ODI run chases?

Kohli's record in ICC finals  How has he performed on the big stage? What is India's record in the finals of ICC tournaments? Is there a reserve day for the Champions Trophy Final?

When is the Champions Trophy 2025 final? Date, teams and venue  Latest News  Champions Trophy 2025 final: How to buy tickets for IND vs NZ? Virat Kohli vs Sachin Tendulkar - Who has the better stats in ODI run chases? Kohli's record in ICC finals  How has he performed on the big stage?

What is India's record in the finals of ICC tournaments? Is there a reserve day for the Champions Trophy Final? When is the Champions Trophy 2025 final? Date, teams and venue  Is India the most successful team in international cricket in the last decade?

Teams with most ICC tournament final appearances in last 10 years  IND v NZ: Predicted XIs for Champions Trophy final  IND v NZ CT 2025 final: Toss and dew factor in Dubai explained  What is India's record in the finals of ICC tournaments? How has the 'Fab Four' performed in ICC tournaments? Venkatesh Prasad criticizes lack of Karnataka players in the RCB squad  BCCI bans sleeveless jerseys in IPL 2025  New SOPs revealed  'Fearless cricket'- Rahane opens up on his new approach to T20  What is RCB Unbox Event?

Date, venue and all you need to know  IPL 2025 captains: Full list of skippers for the upcoming season  Inside LeBron James' historic mark of 50,000 total career points  Charles Barkley goes off on ESPN, Kendrick Perkins over coverage: 'Y'all are idiots'  Why Warriors' Draymond Green is receiving backlash for KAT-Jimmy Butler take  How long is Jaren Jackson Jr. out with ankle injury? L.A. wins OT thriller as Jalen Brunson injured late  Man Utd face major transfer setback as star striker reportedly makes his wish clear  Real Madrid vs. Rayo Vallecano predicted lineups, team news: Bellingham straight back in? When is Lionel Messi's next match for Inter Miami? Is Lionel Messi playing today?

Latest news, updates on Inter Miami lineup  Barcelona vs. Osasuna predicted lineups, team news: Gavi a doubt with illness As India prepare for their Champions Trophy 2025 final clash against New Zealand, heres a look at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium's pitch, records, and top performances in ODIs. Saurav Goyal As India prepare for their Champions Trophy 2025 final clash against New Zealand, heres a look at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium's pitch, records, and top performances in ODIs. Saino Zachariah Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Saino Zachariah Mayank Bande Saurav Goyal Saino Zachariah Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Saino Zachariah Mayank Bande Saurav Goyal Aishik Das Aishik Das Divy Dubey Saino Zachariah Aishik Das Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Saurav Goyal Aishik Das Saino Zachariah Gilbert McGregor Teddy Ricketson Teddy Ricketson Dan Treacy Teddy Ricketson Vishal Bhawani Joe Wright Kyle Bonn Kyle Bonn Kyle Bonn List items:  Cricket  IPL  NBA  Football  Kabaddi  Tennis  WWE  Boxing  MMA

---

Cómo salió el Inter Miami hoy? El resultado del equipo de Messi vs. Cavalier por la Concachampions  Fútbol  La Liga  NBA  NFL  Argentina  Ediciones  Argentina  Australia  Brasil  Canada  India  日本  México  대한민국  España  ไทย  United Kingdom  United States [English]  United States [Español]  Việt Nam  Destacado  Deportes  Ediciones  Argentina  Australia  Brasil  Canada  India  日本  México  대한민국  España  ไทย  United Kingdom  United States [English]  United States [Español]  Việt Nam  Uno de los récords de Messi en el Barcelona podría caer en esta Champions  Brasil confirma el regreso más esperado para jugar ante Colombia y Argentina  Central Córdoba vs. Boca: Pronósticos del partido por el Apertura 2025  Otra noche mágica de Curry salva a Golden State contra Brooklyn Nets  Por qué LaMelo Ball se perfila como la próxima estrella en pedir un traspaso  La estadística fantástica de un MVP que podría igualar Giannis en esta temporada  Últimas noticias  Uno de los récords de Messi en el Barcelona podría caer en esta Champions  Brasil confirma el regreso más esperado para jugar ante Colombia y Argentina  Central Córdoba vs. Boca: Pronósticos del partido por el Apertura 2025  Otra noche mágica de Curry salva a Golden State contra Brooklyn Nets  Por qué LaMelo Ball se perfila como la próxima estrella en pedir un traspaso  La estadística fantástica de un MVP que podría igualar Giannis en esta temporada  Sin Messi, el Inter Miami derrotó al Cavalier por la Concachampions  Uno de los récords de Messi en el Barcelona podría caer en esta Champions  Octavos de final de la Europa League: todos los cruces de la eliminatoria  El United iguala con la Real Sociedad en el duelo de ida por la Europa League  Central Córdoba vs. Boca: Pronósticos del partido por el Apertura 2025  Real Madrid vs. Atlético de Madrid: Historial de partidos del Derbi  Getafe, el próximo rival del Atlético de Madrid en La Liga  El Real Madrid se enfrenta al Rayo Vallecano en una nueva jornada de La Liga  La alineación del Real Madrid para enfrentar al Atlético por la Champions  La Liga, al día: Villarreal vs. Espanyol, aplazado por alerta metereológica  Otra noche mágica de Curry salva a Golden State contra Brooklyn Nets  Por qué LaMelo Ball se perfila como la próxima estrella en pedir un traspaso  La estadística fantástica de un MVP que podría igualar Giannis en esta temporada  Las posibilidades de los 30 equipos de la NBA de tener a Durant en la próxima temporada  El increíble hito inédito de los Celtics que lograron Pritchard y White  Agencia Libre NFL 2025: Joey Bosa, cortado por los Chargers  Quién será el próximo quarterback de los Pittsburgh Steelers?

Los ganadores y perdedores del NFL Combine 2025  El ranking de los mejores QB del NFL Draft 2025 y sus posibles destinos  Por qué Ashton Jeanty es la respuesta que necesita Dallas Cowboys El Inter Miami jugó un nuevo partido y así les fue a las Garzas en la cancha. Mauricio Codocea El Inter Miami jugó un nuevo partido y así les fue a las Garzas en la cancha. Feargal Brennan Juan Estevez Paulo Recari Agustín Aboy Juan Estevez Agustín Aboy Feargal Brennan Juan Estevez Paulo Recari Agustín Aboy Juan Estevez Agustín Aboy Mauricio Codocea Feargal Brennan Juan Estevez Agustín Aboy Paulo Recari Juan Estevez Juan Estevez C Darío Rodríguez Juan Estevez Renzo Desaunet Agustín Aboy Juan Estevez Agustín Aboy Stephen Noh Agustín Aboy Juan Estevez Juan Estevez Vinnie Iyer Vinnie Iyer Mauro Mariani List items:  Entradas  Fútbol  Liga Argentina  La Liga  Copa Libertadores  Copa Sudamericana  NBA  NFL  Boxeo  Tenis  F1

====================

Road to MilanoCortina2026  Next Games  Olympic Channel  Worldwide Olympic Partners  Sunil Chhetri comes out of retirement in big boost for Indian football  Kane Williamsonâs press conference takes a âpawsâ as curious cat steals the show  Asian Womenâs Kabaddi Championship: All results, scores and standings  India to face Switzerland in Davis Cup World Group I showdown in September  HS Prannoy crashes out in second round of Orleans Masters badminton  FIFA and Coldplay to choose artists for first-ever World Cup halftime show  Arshad Nadeem adds Olympic touch to Champions Trophy semi-final in Lahore  Discover the magic of the Italian Alps  Milano Cortina 2026 Salomon collection  Milano Cortina 2026  Featured Events  Ski Mountaineering  ISMF World Championships  Morgins  Badminton  Orleans Masters presented by VICTOR  Icestock  World Championship  Kapfenberg  Stanz Secure your Milano Cortina 2026 stay Gear up with exclusive designs inspired by Salomon! List items:  Sunil ChhetriSunil Chhetri comes out of retirement in big boost for Indian football  Cricket00:37Kane Williamsonâs press conference takes a âpawsâ as curious cat steals the show  Asian Womenâs Kabaddi Championship: All results, scores and standings  TennisIndia to face Switzerland in Davis Cup World Group I showdown in September  HS Prannoy crashes out in second round of Orleans Masters badminton  FIFA and Coldplay to choose artists for first-ever World Cup halftime show  Arshad Nadeem adds Olympic touch to Champions Trophy semi-final in Lahore  Explore  Explore  Explore  Explore  Olympic Games  Milano Cortina 2026  Results  Medals  Replays  Highlights  All Olympic Games  Olympic Channel  TV Channel  Live Events  Original Series  Corporate  News  Podcast  Topics  Explore  Athletes  Sports  Cookie Policy  Cookie Settings  Privacy Policy  Terms of Service

---

Sunil Chhetri comes out of retirement in big boost for Indian football  Related content  Sunil Chhetris goals record: What makes Indias legend so lethal  Most goals in international football: Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi top scoring charts Sunil Chhetri, now 40, is India's all-time leading goal-scorer having netted 94 goals in 151 international appearances. Indian football legend Sunil Chhetri has come out of retirement and made himself available for the Blue Tigers third round AFC Asian Cup 2027 qualifiers campaign, scheduled for later this month.

Chhetri had announced his retirement from international football last June after a stalemate against Kuwait in Indias FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifiers. However, the 40-year-old Sunil Chhetri will once again wear national colours and lead the line for India in the upcoming international break. India will play a friendly match against Maldives on March 19 in preparation for the opening match of the AFC Asian Cup 2027 qualifiers final round against Bangladesh on March 25. "The qualification for the Asian Cup is very crucial for us, Indian football coach Manolo Márquez said.

Given the importance of the tournament and the matches ahead, I discussed with Sunil Chhetri about making a comeback to strengthen the national team. He agreed, and so we have included him in the squad." Widely regarded as one of the best football players India has ever produced, Chhetri is the countrys all-time leading goal-scorer having netted 94 goals in 151 international appearances. He is fourth on the all-time leaderboard for most international goals in mens football behind Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Ali Daei.

Having continued to play for Bengaluru FC in the Indian Super League following his international retirement last year, Chhetri has been in fine form for the Blues, scoring 12 times and providing two assists in ISL 2024-25. The top Indian goal-scorer in ISL 2024-25 and second in the golden boot race for the ongoing campaign, Chhetri has scored 73 goals in 178 ISL matches during his career. Overall, Chhetri has scored 267 goals in 544 matches in his career, including 173 strikes in 393 games at club level. India have been drawn with Bangladesh, Hong Kong China and Singapore in Group C for the third round of the AFC Asian Cup 2027 qualifiers. Their first match is against Bangladesh on March 25 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Shillong.

---

About the IOC  International Olympic Committee  Beyond the Games  More information  IOC Social Media  Empowering Girls Through Sport: how the Turkish Olympic Committee inspires girls to thrive  Latest news  IOC President Election 2025  Milano Cortina 2026  The Olympic Partner Programme The project has been making a profound difference to girls aged from 10 to 14 since its launch in 2021, with approximately 1,500 participants so far. International Women's Day 2025: Breaking down barriers in sport for all women and girls Study finds that 88 per cent of Paris region residents engaged with the Games Olympism365: Advancing sustainable development with emerging technologies Olympic Highlights 03032025 Collective efforts needed between partners to use the potential of sport to achieve the SDGs IOC President Thomas Bach honoured by EOC General Assembly in FrankfurtMain, Germany and signs Golden Book of the city IOC President Bach awarded highest honours of the City of Lausanne and the Canton of Vaud President Bach to resign as an IOC Member after 23 June 2025 IOC grants provisional recognition to World Boxing World broadcasters meet with less than a year to go until Milano Cortina 2026 Milano Cortina 2026 and On Location unveil exclusive hospitality packages for the Olympic Winter Games Seven candidates will compete in the election for the presidency of the International Olympic Committee at the 144th IOC Session held from 18 to 21 March 2025 in Greece. The Olympic Winter Games return to Europe, the birthplace of Alpine skiing, encompassing a large portion of Italys breathtaking mountains and covering an area of 22,000 square kilometres. From 6 to 22 February 2026, around 2,900 athletes from over 90 National Olympic Committees will compete in 116 events on ice and snow, in eight sports and 16 disciplines.

The IOC is at the very heart of world sport, supporting every Olympic Movement stakeholder, promoting Olympism worldwide, and overseeing the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. The IOC is also committed to promoting sport in society, strengthening the integrity of sport and supporting clean athletes and other sports organisations. The modern Olympic Games are the worlds foremost multi-sports event. They are the largest sporting celebration in terms of the number of sports on the programme, the number of athletes present and the number of people from different nations gathered together at the same time, in the same place, in the spirit of friendly competition The athletes are at the heart of the Olympic Movement.

The IOCs priority is the protection of the clean athletes and to support them on and off the field of play. The Olympic Movement is the concerted, organised, universal and permanent action, carried out under the supreme authority of the IOC, of all individuals and entities who are inspired by the values of Olympism. Welcome to the source for all the information journalists need to cover the Olympic Games and Olympic Movement. You are only a click away from high resolution photos, Video News Releases, press releases, information on accreditation, a calendar of events, contact information and much, much more.

Statutory documents governing the activities of the IOC, official documents relating to the celebration of the Olympic Games, host contracts, decision-making documentation, marketing programmes, codes of conduct for the Games, athlete-related documentation and much more are available here. Be part of a purpose-driven organisation that ensures the regular celebration of the Olympic Games, promotes the Olympic values and uses sport as an agent for positive social change around the world. Enjoy a one-of-a-kind experience working in a movement that transcends geographic and cultural boundaries and unifies and inspires the world through sport. Find here information about all topics concerning the IOC, the Olympic Games and the Olympic Movement.

The Olympic Partners (TOP) programme is the highest level of Olympic sponsorship, granting category-exclusive marketing rights to the Summer, Winter and Youth Olympic Games to a select group of global partners. For subjects of interest to the media. Up-to-the-minute information on the IOC and regular updates.

Extensive selection of photos available for media use shortly after each event. List items:  Olympics  Museum  Athlete365  Olympic Studies Centre  Olympic Refuge Foundation  Milano Cortina 2026  Shop  Learn more