In the spotlight  Recommended  Trending  Featured videos  More  Featured images  More items  More items  More items List items:  Agenda 2025  Advisory group report  Accelerators  Space Summit 2023  Science  Exploration  Space Safety  Applications  Enabling  Support  Space Science  Human and Robotic Exploration  Observing the Earth  Connectivity  Satellite Navigation  Space Transportation  Technology  Operations  Careers at ESA  Business with ESA  ESA for Media  Education at ESA

---

Related Links Europes newest rocket, Ariane 6, took flight for the second time from Europes Spaceport in French Guiana at 13:24 local time on 6 March (16:24 GMT, 17:24 CET). This was the first commercial flight for Ariane 6, flight VA263, delivering the CSO-3 satellite to orbit. Arianespace was the operator and launch service provider for the French Procurement agency (DGA) and Frances space agency CNES on behalf of the French Air and Space Forces Space Command (CDE).

During this second launch, all phases were successfully executed, including the Auxiliary Propulsion Unit (APU) reignition, the Vinci engines third boost and deorbiting of the upper stage. Josef Aschbacher, ESAs Director General said: The second successful flight of Ariane 6 marks a significant milestone in Europe's journey towards enhanced autonomous access to space. Ariane 6 is a bedrock of this endeavour, paving the way for a promising future for European space activities, alongside Vega-C and new European launchers on the horizon.

This achievement would not have been possible without the dedication, collaboration, and hard work of our incredible teams. My heartfelt thanks go out to all colleagues who have made this monumental accomplishment possible. Together, we are elevating the future of Europe - and remember, it all starts with a launch. The first commercial launch of Ariane 6 demonstrates what will become regular with several Ariane 6 launches planned for 2025. The upper stage also showed its full potential, a unique piece of hardware that can ensure all types of missions to orbit while also actively avoid becoming space debris itself, reaffirming Europes commitment to minimise in-orbit space debris, said Toni Tolker-Nielsen, ESA Director of Space Transportation.

Ariane 6 is Europes heavy launcher and a key element of ESAs efforts to ensure autonomous access to space for Europes citizens. Its modular and versatile design allows it to launch all missions from low-Earth orbit into deep space. For this launch, the rocket was used in its two-booster configuration. Shortly after liftoff and booster separation, the upper stage separated from the core stage.

The upper stage engine then fired for the first time, taking Ariane 6 into an elliptical orbit travelling 300 km at its closest to Earth, and 600 km at its farthest from Earth, achieving the chill-down and first ignition of the Vinci engine and of the Auxiliary Propulsion Unit. After a coasting phase lasting 37 minutes, the engine fired up for a second time. After Vincis second boost, the rockets passenger, a French satellite called CSO-3, was injected into Sun-Synchronous Orbit at an altitude of around 800 km. Spacecraft separation occurred one hour and six minutes after liftoff. After the successful delivery of CSO-3, Ariane 6 demonstrated the full potential of its upper stage.

The Auxiliary Propulsion Unit ignited as expected, and the Vinci engines third boost put the upper stage into a reentry orbit to safely burn up through Earths atmosphere, preventing accumulation of space debris. This confirms the full capability of Ariane 6. Thank you for liking You have already liked this page, you can only like it once! ---

Related Articles  Related Links At the European Space Agencys technical heart in the Netherlands, engineers have spent the last five months unboxing and testing elements of Europes next space science mission.

With the two main parts now joined together, Smile is well on its way to being ready to launch by the end of 2025. Smile will give humankind its first complete look at how Earth reacts to streams of particles and bursts of radiation from the Sun. By improving our understanding of the solar wind, solar storms and space weather, Smile will fill a stark gap in our understanding of the Solar System. To make sure that the mission is a success, our teams are working tirelessly behind the scenes. Watch the video below to get a glimpse into what weve been up to recently.

[Text continues after video] As a 5050 collaboration between ESA and the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Smile is a truly international effort. Pieces of the spacecraft have been built by teams across Europe and China, and are now finally united at ESAs technical heart (ESTEC). Smiles crucial payload module  which contains three of its four scientific instruments  was built by Airbus in Spain on behalf of ESA.

This major piece was the first to arrive at ESTEC in September last year. The arrival of the payload module kicked off a year-long integration and testing phase, where colleagues from ESA, Airbus and CAS are all working together at ESTEC to prepare the spacecraft for flight. Step one was to put the payload module through a gruelling test regime to make sure that it was absolutely ready to work perfectly as a complete unit in the challenging space environment. The process was not always smooth sailing.

On 21 November 2024, Airbus and ESA teams looked on nervously as the spacecrafts 3 m-long magnetometer boom refused to lock into place. Engineers entered into intense discussion and very quickly discovered the cause: a bundle of cables that was too stiff and not mounted correctly. The team fixed the issue immediately by loosening the bundle and mounting it slightly differently.

They successfully released the boom again the following day. A round of applause filled the room when the boom clicked into place. Click on the image below to find out more about the magnetometer boom and the little instrument that sits at its end. Overall, the arrival and testing of the payload module went really well and we are confident that the instruments on board are going to collect fantastic scientific data once in space, says ESAs David Agnolon, who is managing the European side of the Smile project.

This is the first time that ESA and China are collaborating on a project of this type and scale, and we have already overcome many challenges thanks to an excellent spirit of cooperation on both sides. One of the biggest challenges that David refers to relates to working with colleagues in another continent during the COVID-19 era. In 2022, for example, Airbus sent a model of the Smile payload module to China for testing. But because of travel restrictions, Airbus and ESA colleagues were not able to support the testing of their own hardware, and the teams had to resort to online engineering.

Fortunately, colleagues from around the world are now able to work harmoniously at ESTEC, sharing cultures and traditions as well as engineering knowledge. On 9 December 2024, Smiles platform arrived on a dedicated flight from Shanghai, together with 15 engineers and managers from CAS. The platform contains the fourth scientific instrument, as well as everything else that the spacecraft needs to function, including the modules responsible for powering, steering and controlling the spacecraft.

Getting Smiles platform to the Netherlands was no easy feat. It was the first time a spacecraft platform was exported to Europe from China. Special authorisations were needed, for example from Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, Air China Cargo, the Dutch and Chinese civil aviation authorities and ESAs own transport company. The arrival of the platform was ultimately delayed because of the huge amount of documentation involved, in particular for the ammonia in the heat pipes labelled as dangerous goods.

Finally, on 21 January 2025, Smiles payload module could be connected to the platform with 120 bolts. This delicate procedure required perfect precision, with about twenty people from ESA, CAS and Airbus surrounding the spacecraft, fully focused on the task in hand. The engineers wore white cleanroom suits, hair and beard nets, and shoe coverings to protect the spacecraft from dust and dirt. As they say, the devil is in the detail, and the team quickly encountered an obstacle.

They realised that when they would place the payload module onto the platform, some cables would slightly cover up the bolts, making the attachment tricky. Engineers put their heads together (literally  the cleanroom environment can be busy!) and quickly came up with a solution.

They made a last-minute adjustment to the integration procedure, deciding to place some bolts before lifting the payload module, to ensure that the later attachment would go as smoothly as possible. Finally, the payload module was ready to move. Engineers attached hooks and used a hoisting device to lift it very slowly, at about a centimetre per second. Smiles assembly, integration and testing manager from ESA, Benjamin Vanoutryve, looked on attentively. This moment was finally happening, after so many years of meticulous preparation work on two sides of the world.

In just a moment, we would finally see our Smile spacecraft as a real object for the first time, says Benjamin. An Airbus engineer used a remote-control belt to carry the payload module over to the platform, and lower it slowly, millimetre by millimetre, to line up perfectly with the platform below. When the two were separated by just 20 cm, Airbus handed over to CAS, who took care of the very final attachment. CAS and Airbus colleagues in safety harnesses up on aerial platforms closely monitored the operation.

As the payload module was lowered into place, the engineers could start bolting the two parts of the spacecraft together. For the first time, the teams are now dealing with a complete spacecraft. So, whats next for this little spacecraft with big ambitions? From this month, Smile will be tested for the first time as a complete unit.

Engineers will have to get it to pass tough checks with flying colours before being allowed out on its own, including making sure that the entire system can operate properly in the vacuum of space, that the different parts of the spacecraft dont create too much electromagnetic disturbance for other parts, and that the violent launch wont shake the spacecraft apart. Airbus engineers will continue to support the CAS and ESA teams throughout the entire test campaign to ensure that the platform and payload module work perfectly well together and help to resolve any issues. By September 2025, Smile should be ready to go, and our ESTEC colleagues will wave goodbye as it ships off to Europes Spaceport in French Guiana. From there, the team will prepare Smile for launch on a Vega-C rocket, hopefully by the end of this year.

Follow the latest mission news via esa.intsmile Thank you for liking You have already liked this page, you can only like it once! List items:  Engineer inspects Smile spacecraft segment  Smile spacecraft before two become one  Smile payload modules first taste of flight  Smile payload module turns aerial dancer  Perfect placement for Smiles payload module  Smile spacecraft: two become one  Smile spacecraft is complete for the first time