Books  Movies  Food  Television  The Theatre  Music  More in Culture  Donald Trumps A.I. Propaganda  Do Democrats Need to Learn How to Build? Paradise Is Manna for the Moment  Rodrigo Prietos Risky Directorial Début  The End of Seriousness  Jeremy Denks Musical Account of American Divisions  A Poets Contemporary Twist on the Bildungsroman  The Best Books We Read This Week  Briefly Noted  This Life of Mine: A Terminal Masterwork  Return to Oz: An Oscars-Night Diary  An Oscars Night Divided Against Itself  Nicholas Rays Hollywood Counterculture  A Crowning Moment for the New Orleans King Cake  Sunns and Has Snack Bar Lay Down Roots  LL Hawaiian Barbecue Brings New Yorkers the Plate Lunch  The L.A. Chefs Keeping Their Neighbors Fed  Stay Tuned for These S.N.L.

Bumpers  How Severance Makes a Fetish of the Office  The Old-School Heroics of The Pitt  Mo s Urgent, Uneven Homecoming  Donald Trump Plays Church  Grangeville and Curse of the Starving Class Try to Go Home Again  Hugh Jackman LIVE and Beckett Briefs Make a Spectacle of Times Passage  Sanaz Toossis English Comes to Broadway  Under the Radar Keeps Rollin Along  An 1887 Opera by a Black Composer Finally Surfaces  Before He Formed Led Zeppelin, Jimmy Page Played a Prom in Ohio  Bartees Stranges Interior Hauntings  L.A.s New-Music Bastion  Cringe Diplomacy Comes to the Oval  The Show That Finds the Intrigue Lurking in the Everyday  Gene Hackmans Dangerous Smile  At the Oscars, Anora Keeps a Dream of American Cinema Alive  Christoph Niemanns Vitamin N.Y.C. The Classic Mystery That Prefigured the Los Angeles Wildfires  Roberta Flacks Musical Transformations  Spring Culture Preview  Mickey 17 Is a Science-Fiction Adventure of Multiple Unwieldy Thrills  Renewed Dreams at the Berlin Film Festival

---

The New Yorker  Todays Mix  The Lede  The Critics  Our Columnists  Ideas  Persons of Interest  From the Anniversary Issue  Puzzles  Games  In Case You Missed It  Fiction  Five Bridges  The Talk of the Town  Daily Cartoon  Shouts  Murmurs  When an American Town Massacred Its Chinese Immigrants  Canada, the Northern Outpost of Sanity  How Many Immigrants Will Die in U.S. Custody? London Is a Local-News Desert. What Comes Next?

Donald Trumps A.I. Propaganda  Will Harvard Bend or Break? Trumps Golden Age of Bunk  Elon Musk Also Has a Problem with Wikipedia  Trumps Disgrace  Geothermal Power Is a Climate Moon Shot Beneath Our Feet  A Ukrainian Familys Three Years of War  Trumps E.P.A.

Seeks to Deny Science That Americans Discovered  The End of Seriousness  A Fans Notes on the Spectacle of Super Bowl Week  Return to Oz: An Oscars-Night Diary  A Poets Contemporary Twist on the Bildungsroman  Gene Hackmans Dangerous Smile  Stay Tuned for These S.N.L. Bumpers  This Life of Mine: A Terminal Masterwork  The Show That Finds the Intrigue Lurking in the Everyday  The Best Books We Read This Week  We Are Considering You as Being Terminated  What Putin Wants Now  The Musk-Trump War on Federal Employees Doesnt Add Up  What Will Democratic Resistance Look Like? The Imperialist Philosopher Who Demanded the Ukraine War  The End of Children  When a Wrecked Slave Ship Is Excavated, What Comes Up?

Can the Human Body Endure a Voyage to Mars? The Chat Room Behind the Pelicot Rape Trial  Im Not a Robot  Tim Walz Might Run for President in 2028 if You Ask Him Nicely  Rodrigo Prietos Risky Directorial Début  The Flirt Behind Chicken Shop Date  Mike Whites Mischievous Vision for The White Lotus  The New Yorker Turns 100  Gary, Indiana, and the Long Shadow of U.S. Steel  Fifty Weird Years of Saturday Night Live  The Long Flight to Teach an Endangered Ibis Species to Migrate  The Nuns Trying to Save the Women on Texass Death Row  High-School Band Contests Turn Marching Into a Sportand an Art  Lost and Found: A Newly Discovered Poem by Robert Frost  A Visit to Madam Bedi  The Crossword  The Mini  Laugh Lines  Cartoon Caption Contest  Name Drop  Should Aaron Judge Get a Chinstrap? A Fired Yosemite Locksmith Messages Trump from the Summit of El Capitan  How a Gizmo Used to Photograph Taco Ads Took Over the Red Carpet  Chasing Waterfalls in the Peach State  Oddly Specific Jellycats  Join My Matreon! What Your Sweater Says About You  Cool Things I Was Doing When My Back Went Out  You Have Reached the U.S. Government  New York Isnt What It Used to Be In 1885, white rioters murdered dozens of their Asian neighbors in Rock Springs, Wyoming. A hundred and forty years later, the story of the atrocity is still being unearthed.

Michael Luo reports. Justin Trudeau, in his final week as Prime Minister, tells Donald Trump to shove it. More detentions will lead to more deaths, but the Trump Administration has options to conceal the losses. After the Evening Standard, the citys last daily paper, went weekly, a hodgepodge of small news sources sprang up.

Artificially generated videos of Gaza as a beach resort and of migrant detention as A.S.M.R. are creating a digital mirror world of the future as Trump imagines it. At the oldest and wealthiest university in the countrya flagship for American higher educationfree-speech battles and pressure from the second Trump Administrations funding cuts have created a crisis. A daily column on what you need to know.

In a Castro-length speech to Congress, the President claimed victory, while proving that even the most unhinged address can be boring if it goes on long enough. Lately, Musks beef has merged with a general conviction on the right that the site is biased against conservatives. While F.D.R. set a modern standard for the revitalization of a society, Trump seems determined to prove how quickly he can spark its undoing. The center of the Earth is so hot that it could satisfy the entire worlds energy needs.

But can scientists safely tap into it? Mykola Hryhoryan was on the front lines before being gravely injured. Now, with American support in question and the countrys troops depleted, hes preparing for the possibility of going back.

Its in this country that scientists, funded by or working for the government, came to understand the role of carbon in our atmosphere. Our unfunny times are rife with laughter that seldom offers relief. Theres the game itself, and then there are the parties and promotions, a glad-handing orgy for the sports-entertainment complex. The night involved a pair of split pants, a minor earthquake, and a major lovefest for Anora.

Good Girl, by the German-born writer Aria Aber, asks what it means to want to belong to a society that wishes you harm. The mystery surrounding the great actors death belies the solidity of his presence. Mary Ellen Matthews has been shooting the shows hosts and musical guests for a quarter of a century. Finally, you can admire her work for more than three seconds.

The last film by Sophie Fillières, who died before completing it, is a bold reckoning with an artists self-awareness and personal freedom in the face of illness. The Curious History of Your Home delves into the origins of the humdrum. A vivid account of how the papacy has masked the Churchs stubborn resistance to change; an assiduously researched history that advocates for a reëvaluation of Anne Frank as a human being and a literary artist; an assured début novel modelled on the real-life Preppy Murder case; and more. Zain Shirazi, inspired by his familys experience of post-911 racism, has been fighting workplace harassment for the federal government.

The Trump Administration fired him. Trump has suspended all military aid to Ukraine in an apparent attempt to bring the country to the negotiating table. But does Russia need to negotiate?

DOGE operatives claim that mass layoffs are necessary to prevent the U.S. government from going bankrupt. Lets do the math. Amid the internal crisis of the Democratic Party, historical precedents can both inform and obscure our understanding of how the left might regroup.

For decades, Alexander Dugin argued that Russia had a messianic mission, and that destroying an independent Ukraine was necessary to fulfilling it. In the U.S. and around the world, fertility rates are plummeting. Is it a matter of economic necessity, cultural crisis, or moral decay? A global network of maritime archeologists is excavating slave shipwrecksand reconnecting Black communities to the deep. In the coming years, an unprecedented number of people will leave planet Earthbut its becoming increasingly clear that deep space will make us sick.

For years, Dominique Pelicot drugged his wife and invited strangers to his house to rape her. He found them via an online platform called Coco. Watch the darkly comic film that won the 2025 Oscar for Best Live Action Short.

The first issue of The New Yorker was published a hundred years ago this winter, in February, 1925. Since then, the magazine has become renowned for its reporting, commentary, criticism, fiction, humor, and more. Explore a special collection of history and writing to celebrate the turn of our century. Can a company town thats been called the most miserable city in America remake itself?

SNL50: Beyond Saturday Night delves into cast auditions, More Cowbell, and a fateful season in which Lorne Michaels almost lost the show with new experiments. Our devastation of nature is so extreme that reversing even a small part of it requires painstaking, quixotic efforts. Sisters from a convent outside Waco have repeatedly visited the prisonersand even made them affiliates of their order. The story of a powerful spiritual alliance.

Band kids today dont just parade up and down the field playing fight songs. They flow across it in shifting tableaux, with elaborate themes and spandex-clad dancers. Nothing New, which the American poet wrote in 1918, is published for the first time in The New Yorkers Anniversary Issue. I was estranged from my own mother, so a friend tried to lend me his. Take a break and play.

A puzzle that ranges in difficulty, with the occasional theme. A bite-size crossword, for a quick diversion. Can you place the cartoons in chronological order? We provide a cartoon, you provide a caption. Can you guess the notable person in six clues or fewer?

All fiction  Cartoons, comics, and other funny stuff. Sign up for the Humor newsletter. ====================

March 6, 2025  to the Lithub Daily  Support Lit Hub.

Lit hub Radio  The Hub  RSS  Literary Hub  The Best Villains in Literature Bracket  A War Zone Pediatrician on What Comes After the Horrors of a Gaza Emergency Room  What Russias Violent History of Occupation Reveals About Its Ongoing War on Ukraine  Invasions, Empires, Political Bromances: Five Nonfiction Books That Explain Modern Russia  The Things We Learned in the Fire: On the Destruction (and Rebirth) of a Bookstore  WG Sebalds Rings of Saturn Might Be the Perfect Climate Change Novel  How Democracy Supporters Can Still Beat Back the Rising Tide of Fascism  In Purging Language About Trans People, Donald Trump and Elon Musk Are Trying to Purge the People Themselves  How to Write a Good Sex Scene  Heres Your 2025 Literary Film  TV Preview  Lit Hubs Most Anticipated Books of 2025  20 Sci-Fi and Fantasy Books to Look Forward to in 2025  The Most Anticipated Childrens Books of 2025  We Need Your Help: Support Lit Hub, Become a Member  The Latest  News, Notes, Talk  Daily Fiction  Red Dog Farm  We Pretty Pieces of Flesh  The Dream Hotel List items:  Craft and Criticism  Fiction and Poetry  News and Culture  Lit Hub Radio  Reading Lists  Book Marks  CrimeReads  About  Log In  Craft and Criticism Literary Criticism Craft and Advice In Conversation On Translation  Literary Criticism  Craft and Advice  In Conversation  On Translation  Fiction and Poetry Short Story From the Novel Poem  Short Story  From the Novel  Poem  News and Culture History Science Politics Biography Memoir Food Technology Bookstores and Libraries Film and TV Travel Music Art and Photography The Hub Style Design Sports Freemans The Virtual Book Channel  History  Science  Politics  Biography  Memoir  Food  Technology  Bookstores and Libraries  Film and TV  Travel  Music  Art and Photography  The Hub  Style  Design  Sports  Freemans  The Virtual Book Channel  Lit Hub Radio The Lit Hub Podcast The Critic and Her Publics Awakeners FictionNonFiction Im a Writer But Windham-Campbell Prizes Podcast Write-minded First Draft: A Dialogue on Writing Behind the Mic Lit Century Tor Presents: Voyage Into Genre Beyond the Page The Cosmic Library Emergence Magazine Talk Easy  The Lit Hub Podcast  The Critic and Her Publics  Awakeners  FictionNonFiction  Im a Writer But  Windham-Campbell Prizes Podcast  Write-minded  First Draft: A Dialogue on Writing  Behind the Mic  Lit Century  Tor Presents: Voyage Into Genre  Beyond the Page  The Cosmic Library  Emergence Magazine  Talk Easy  Reading Lists The Best of the Decade  The Best of the Decade  Book Marks Best Reviewed Books  Best Reviewed Books  CrimeReads True Crime The Daily Thrill  True Crime  The Daily Thrill  Log In  The Best Villains in Literature Bracket Ides of March Madness March 6, 2025 Read Full Story  A War Zone Pediatrician on What Comes After the Horrors of a Gaza Emergency Room Dr. Seema Jilani Reckons with the Hypocrisy of Western Liberal Institutions March 5, 2025 Read Full Story  What Russias Violent History of Occupation Reveals About Its Ongoing War on Ukraine Sofi Oksanen on the Importance of Preserving Personal and Collective Memory in the Face of Imperialist Aggression March 4, 2025 Read Full Story Invasions, Empires, Political Bromances: Five Nonfiction Books That Explain Modern Russia Charles Hecker Recommends Joshua Yaffa, Svetlana Alexievich, David Remnick, and More March 4, 2025 Read Full Story  The Things We Learned in the Fire: On the Destruction (and Rebirth) of a Bookstore Brad Johnson on the Life and Death and Life of East Bay Booksellers February 26, 2025 Read Full Story  WG Sebalds Rings of Saturn Might Be the Perfect Climate Change Novel Madeleine Wattss on the Prescient Genius of a Hard-to-Categorize Novel February 20, 2025 Read Full Story  How Democracy Supporters Can Still Beat Back the Rising Tide of Fascism Katherine Stewart on the Internal Contradictions of the Current American Antidemocratic Movement February 20, 2025 Read Full Story  In Purging Language About Trans People, Donald Trump and Elon Musk Are Trying to Purge the People Themselves Gabrielle Bellot on the Radical Power of Words As Weapons February 19, 2025 Read Full Story  How to Write a Good Sex Scene 25 Writers on the Hardest (Sorry) Literary Technique February 11, 2025 Read Full Story  Heres Your 2025 Literary Film  TV Preview 27 Shows and Movies to Stream and See This Year January 14, 2025 Read Full Story  Lit Hubs Most Anticipated Books of 2025 291 Books We're Looking Forward to in the New Year January 7, 2025 Read Full Story  20 Sci-Fi and Fantasy Books to Look Forward to in 2025 Looking Ahead to the Years SFF Offerings From Amal el-Mohtar, Daryl Gregory, Katherine Addison, R.F. Kuang, and Many More January 2, 2025 Read Full Story  The Most Anticipated Childrens Books of 2025 Caroline Carlson Asks Dahlia Adler, Jashar Awan, Rachel Ekstrom Courage and Others About The KidLit They're Most Looking Forward To This Year January 2, 2025 Read Full Story  We Need Your Help: Support Lit Hub, Become a Member You Get Editors Personalized Book Recs, an Ad-Free Reading Experience, AND the Joan Didion Tote Bag December 23, 2023 Read Full Story  Lithub DailyMarch 6, 2025 Toni Morrisons lost play Andrea Long Chu meditates on Females On Joan Didions account of the Manson murders More News  Toni Morrisons lost play  Andrea Long Chu meditates on Females  On Joan Didions account of the Manson murders  Close to the Lithub Daily Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit  Support Lit Hub. Lit hub Radio Podcasts, Audiobooks  More Now Playing: All Stations  Rave Positive Mixed Pan The Dream Hotel Laila Lalami Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Dream State Eric Puchner Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Show Don't Tell: Stories Curtis Sittenfeld Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan One Day, Everyone Will Have Always Been Against This Omar El Akkad Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan The Rest Is Memory Lily Tuck Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Dream Count Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Positive  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Lorne: The Man Who Invented Saturday Night Live Susan Morrison Rave  Rave  Positive Mixed Pan We Do Not Part Han Kang Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Stone Yard Devotional Charlotte Wood Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan The Loves of My Life: A Sex Memoir Edmund White Rave  RSS RSS - Posts  RSS - Posts  Literary Hub Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature Masthead About Sign Up For Our Newsletters How to Pitch Lit Hub Advertisers: Contact Us Privacy Policy Support Lit Hub - Become A Member

---

Craft and Criticism  Support Lit Hub.

March 6, 2025  Lit hub Radio  to the Lithub Daily  Popular Posts  RSS  Literary Hub  We Need Your Help:  Become a Lit Hub Supporting Member List items:  Craft and Criticism  Fiction and Poetry  News and Culture  Lit Hub Radio  Reading Lists  Book Marks  CrimeReads  About  Log In  Craft and Criticism Literary Criticism Craft and Advice In Conversation On Translation  Literary Criticism  Craft and Advice  In Conversation  On Translation  Fiction and Poetry Short Story From the Novel Poem  Short Story  From the Novel  Poem  News and Culture History Science Politics Biography Memoir Food Technology Bookstores and Libraries Film and TV Travel Music Art and Photography The Hub Style Design Sports Freemans The Virtual Book Channel  History  Science  Politics  Biography  Memoir  Food  Technology  Bookstores and Libraries  Film and TV  Travel  Music  Art and Photography  The Hub  Style  Design  Sports  Freemans  The Virtual Book Channel  Lit Hub Radio The Lit Hub Podcast The Critic and Her Publics Awakeners FictionNonFiction Im a Writer But Windham-Campbell Prizes Podcast Write-minded First Draft: A Dialogue on Writing Behind the Mic Lit Century Tor Presents: Voyage Into Genre Beyond the Page The Cosmic Library Emergence Magazine Talk Easy  The Lit Hub Podcast  The Critic and Her Publics  Awakeners  FictionNonFiction  Im a Writer But  Windham-Campbell Prizes Podcast  Write-minded  First Draft: A Dialogue on Writing  Behind the Mic  Lit Century  Tor Presents: Voyage Into Genre  Beyond the Page  The Cosmic Library  Emergence Magazine  Talk Easy  Reading Lists The Best of the Decade  The Best of the Decade  Book Marks Best Reviewed Books  Best Reviewed Books  CrimeReads True Crime The Daily Thrill  True Crime  The Daily Thrill  Log In  Support Lit Hub. Lithub DailyMarch 6, 2025 Toni Morrisons lost play Andrea Long Chu meditates on Females On Joan Didions account of the Manson murders More News  Toni Morrisons lost play  Andrea Long Chu meditates on Females  On Joan Didions account of the Manson murders  Lit hub Radio Podcasts, Audiobooks  More Now Playing: All Stations  Rave Positive Mixed Pan The Dream Hotel Laila Lalami Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Dream State Eric Puchner Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Show Don't Tell: Stories Curtis Sittenfeld Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan One Day, Everyone Will Have Always Been Against This Omar El Akkad Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan The Rest Is Memory Lily Tuck Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Dream Count Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Positive  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Lorne: The Man Who Invented Saturday Night Live Susan Morrison Rave  Rave  Positive Mixed Pan We Do Not Part Han Kang Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan Stone Yard Devotional Charlotte Wood Rave  Rave Positive Mixed Pan The Loves of My Life: A Sex Memoir Edmund White Rave  Close to the Lithub Daily Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit  Popular Posts1.5 Book Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book Marks32.Ten Essential Novels That Showcase the Rich Literary Culture of the Middle EastFebruary 27, 2025 by Nussaibah Younis23.Here's the longlist for this year's International Booker Prize.February 25, 2025 by Brittany Allen2854.Want to Write Better Fiction?

Break Seven RibsFebruary 24, 2025 by Jane Pek0  1.5 Book Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book Marks3  2.Ten Essential Novels That Showcase the Rich Literary Culture of the Middle EastFebruary 27, 2025 by Nussaibah Younis2  3.Here's the longlist for this year's International Booker Prize.February 25, 2025 by Brittany Allen285  4.Want to Write Better Fiction? Break Seven RibsFebruary 24, 2025 by Jane Pek0  The Strange, Forgotten History of Antigonish and "The Little Man Who Wasn't There"March 7, 2025 by Alice HendersonWhen Harlem Was Harlem: On 'Across 110th Street'March 6, 2025 by Michael Gonzales10 Romantic Thrillers To While Away the Long HoursMarch 6, 2025 by Colleen CobleAgustina Bazterrica on Violence, Dystopia, and the Power of ArtMarch 6, 2025 by Kevin CanfieldA Walking Tour of Manhattan's Chinatown and Turn-of-the-Century New York CityMarch 5, 2025 by Radha Vatsal  The Strange, Forgotten History of Antigonish and "The Little Man Who Wasn't There"March 7, 2025 by Alice Henderson  When Harlem Was Harlem: On 'Across 110th Street'March 6, 2025 by Michael Gonzales  10 Romantic Thrillers To While Away the Long HoursMarch 6, 2025 by Colleen Coble  Agustina Bazterrica on Violence, Dystopia, and the Power of ArtMarch 6, 2025 by Kevin Canfield  A Walking Tour of Manhattan's Chinatown and Turn-of-the-Century New York CityMarch 5, 2025 by Radha Vatsal  The Best Reviewed Books of the WeekMarch 7, 20255 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekMarch 6, 2025 by Book MarksThe Best Reviewed Books of the MonthFebruary 28, 2025 by Book Marks5 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book MarksThe Best Reviewed Books of the WeekFebruary 21, 2025 by Book Marks  The Best Reviewed Books of the WeekMarch 7, 2025  5 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekMarch 6, 2025 by Book Marks  The Best Reviewed Books of the MonthFebruary 28, 2025 by Book Marks  5 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book Marks  The Best Reviewed Books of the WeekFebruary 21, 2025 by Book Marks  RSS RSS - Posts  RSS - Posts  Literary Hub Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature Masthead About Sign Up For Our Newsletters How to Pitch Lit Hub Advertisers: Contact Us Privacy Policy Support Lit Hub - Become A Member

---

Fiction and Poetry  Support Lit Hub. March 6, 2025  Lit hub Radio  to the Lithub Daily  Popular Posts  RSS  Literary Hub  We Need Your Help:  Become a Lit Hub Supporting Member List items:  Craft and Criticism  Fiction and Poetry  News and Culture  Lit Hub Radio  Reading Lists  Book Marks  CrimeReads  About  Log In  Craft and Criticism Literary Criticism Craft and Advice In Conversation On Translation  Literary Criticism  Craft and Advice  In Conversation  On Translation  Fiction and Poetry Short Story From the Novel Poem  Short Story  From the Novel  Poem  News and Culture History Science Politics Biography Memoir Food Technology Bookstores and Libraries Film and TV Travel Music Art and Photography The Hub Style Design Sports Freemans The Virtual Book Channel  History  Science  Politics  Biography  Memoir  Food  Technology  Bookstores and Libraries  Film and TV  Travel  Music  Art and Photography  The Hub  Style  Design  Sports  Freemans  The Virtual Book Channel  Lit Hub Radio The Lit Hub Podcast The Critic and Her Publics Awakeners FictionNonFiction Im a Writer But Windham-Campbell Prizes Podcast Write-minded First Draft: A Dialogue on Writing Behind the Mic Lit Century Tor Presents: Voyage Into Genre Beyond the Page The Cosmic Library Emergence Magazine Talk Easy  The Lit Hub Podcast  The Critic and Her Publics  Awakeners  FictionNonFiction  Im a Writer But  Windham-Campbell Prizes Podcast  Write-minded  First Draft: A Dialogue on Writing  Behind the Mic  Lit Century  Tor Presents: Voyage Into Genre  Beyond the Page  The Cosmic Library  Emergence Magazine  Talk Easy  Reading Lists The Best of the Decade  The Best of the Decade  Book Marks Best Reviewed Books  Best Reviewed Books  CrimeReads True Crime The Daily Thrill  True Crime  The Daily Thrill  Log In  Support Lit Hub.

Lithub DailyMarch 6, 2025 Toni Morrisons lost play Andrea Long Chu meditates on Females On Joan Didions account of the Manson murders More News  Toni Morrisons lost play  Andrea Long Chu meditates on Females  On Joan Didions account of the Manson murders  Lit hub Radio Podcasts, Audiobooks  More Now Playing: All Stations  Close to the Lithub Daily Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit  Popular Posts1.5 Book Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book Marks32.Ten Essential Novels That Showcase the Rich Literary Culture of the Middle EastFebruary 27, 2025 by Nussaibah Younis23.Here's the longlist for this year's International Booker Prize.February 25, 2025 by Brittany Allen2854.Want to Write Better Fiction? Break Seven RibsFebruary 24, 2025 by Jane Pek0  1.5 Book Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book Marks3  2.Ten Essential Novels That Showcase the Rich Literary Culture of the Middle EastFebruary 27, 2025 by Nussaibah Younis2  3.Here's the longlist for this year's International Booker Prize.February 25, 2025 by Brittany Allen285  4.Want to Write Better Fiction? Break Seven RibsFebruary 24, 2025 by Jane Pek0  The Strange, Forgotten History of Antigonish and "The Little Man Who Wasn't There"March 7, 2025 by Alice HendersonWhen Harlem Was Harlem: On 'Across 110th Street'March 6, 2025 by Michael Gonzales10 Romantic Thrillers To While Away the Long HoursMarch 6, 2025 by Colleen CobleAgustina Bazterrica on Violence, Dystopia, and the Power of ArtMarch 6, 2025 by Kevin CanfieldA Walking Tour of Manhattan's Chinatown and Turn-of-the-Century New York CityMarch 5, 2025 by Radha Vatsal  The Strange, Forgotten History of Antigonish and "The Little Man Who Wasn't There"March 7, 2025 by Alice Henderson  When Harlem Was Harlem: On 'Across 110th Street'March 6, 2025 by Michael Gonzales  10 Romantic Thrillers To While Away the Long HoursMarch 6, 2025 by Colleen Coble  Agustina Bazterrica on Violence, Dystopia, and the Power of ArtMarch 6, 2025 by Kevin Canfield  A Walking Tour of Manhattan's Chinatown and Turn-of-the-Century New York CityMarch 5, 2025 by Radha Vatsal  The Best Reviewed Books of the WeekMarch 7, 20255 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekMarch 6, 2025 by Book MarksThe Best Reviewed Books of the MonthFebruary 28, 2025 by Book Marks5 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book MarksThe Best Reviewed Books of the WeekFebruary 21, 2025 by Book Marks  The Best Reviewed Books of the WeekMarch 7, 2025  5 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekMarch 6, 2025 by Book Marks  The Best Reviewed Books of the MonthFebruary 28, 2025 by Book Marks  5 Reviews You Need to Read This WeekFebruary 27, 2025 by Book Marks  The Best Reviewed Books of the WeekFebruary 21, 2025 by Book Marks  RSS RSS - Posts  RSS - Posts  Literary Hub Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature Masthead About Sign Up For Our Newsletters How to Pitch Lit Hub Advertisers: Contact Us Privacy Policy Support Lit Hub - Become A Member