Russia carries out massive missile and drone attack on energy targets, Ukraine says  Paris Gare du Nord trains halted after WW2 bomb found  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  US lost a fifth of its butterflies within two decades  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Paris Gare du Nord trains halted after WW2 bomb found  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  SpaceX rocket explodes, raining debris from sky for second time in a row  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Players union welcomes life ban for Gabon football coach over sexual abuse  Pelicots' daughter presses charges against father jailed in mass rape case  Five jailed over plot to kidnap German minister  Features  As US and Canada trade barbs, it's so far so good for Mexico's Sheinbaum  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  Stripes and shades: Africa's top shots  Flames, feathers and fangs: Rio Carnival parade in pictures  WatchListen  Watch: SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  'You literally cannot see' - blizzard causes chaos in Iowa  Listen: Pope Francis shares voice message from hospital  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Latest updates  Paris Gare du Nord trains halted after WW2 bomb found  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  UK's Eurovision Song Contest hopefuls revealed  Stripes and shades: Africa's top shots  Trump declares March 'Irish-American Heritage Month'  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Paralysed man gets 'second chance at life' following surgery  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional. The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled.

It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. A 17-year-old has been charged after being detained by crew and members of the public on a plane in Australia. Patrick Assoumou Eyi has been found guilty of sexually abusing multiple young footballers. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her.

The group wanted to create civil war-like conditions in Germany and overthrow the government. Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House. Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage.

As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Crowds filled the Sambadrome to watch samba schools face off at Rio Carnival.

The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster. The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

Female harmony group Remember Monday will fly the flag with their song What The Hell Just Happened. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Signing the proclamation on Thursday, Trump says the Irish are "great people". A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional.

Yousaf Ghaffar is now able to stand and walk about 400 steps after spinal surgery. Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago.

Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. A 17-year-old has been charged after being detained by crew and members of the public on a plane in Australia. Patrick Assoumou Eyi has been found guilty of sexually abusing multiple young footballers. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her.

The group wanted to create civil war-like conditions in Germany and overthrow the government. Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House. Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage.

As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Crowds filled the Sambadrome to watch samba schools face off at Rio Carnival. The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster.

The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

Female harmony group Remember Monday will fly the flag with their song What The Hell Just Happened. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Signing the proclamation on Thursday, Trump says the Irish are "great people". A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional.

Yousaf Ghaffar is now able to stand and walk about 400 steps after spinal surgery. Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. List items:  Home  News  Israel-Gaza War  War in Ukraine  US  Canada  UK  UK Politics  England  N. Ireland  N. Ireland Politics  Scotland  Scotland Politics  Wales  Wales Politics  Africa  Asia  China  India  Australia  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  In Pictures  BBC InDepth  BBC Verify  Sport  Business  Executive Lounge  Technology of Business  Future of Business  Innovation  Technology  Science  Health  Artificial Intelligence  AI v the Mind  Culture  Film  TV  Music  Art  Design  Style  Books  Entertainment News  Arts  Arts in Motion  Travel  Destinations  Africa  Antarctica  Asia  Australia and Pacific  Caribbean  Bermuda  Central America  Europe  Middle East  North America  South America  Worlds Table  Culture  Experiences  Adventures  The SpeciaList  Earth  Natural Wonders  Weather  Science  Climate Solutions  Sustainable Business  Green Living  Audio  Podcasts  Radio  Audio FAQs  Video  Live  Live News  Live Sport

---

EU agrees to boost defence spending  How North Korean hackers launched history's biggest heist  Heart and Soul: The race to break the glass  Business Daily meets: The women of heavy industry  Xi Jinping takes the trade war to Iowa  Euro Leagues: Great goalkeepers, an inspired Isco  Sociedad weather  Boxing Sisters: Yazidi women boxing back to health  Von der Leyen: 'Europe is at a watershed'  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  Russia carries out massive missile and drone attack on energy targets, Ukraine says  Eurostar services from Paris cancelled for rest of the day after WW2 bomb found  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear?

Being alone  'We can't even step outside': Afghan women tell us what life is like under Taliban rule  SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Only from the BBC  How fire changed Notre-Dames unique voice  Why a poem outraged 1980s Britain  More news  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Must watch  'You literally cannot see': Blizzard causes chaos in Iowa  Why drinking coffee can benefit your health  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  Listen: Pope Francis shares voice message from hospital  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Moment Blue Ghost spacecraft landed on the Moon  Moment falling tree narrowly misses pedestrians  Moment Democrat Al Green sings to protest his censure  Climate Solutions  What's the most sustainable period product? Travel  Japan's spectacular island-hopping bike trail  Audio  Global News Podcast  The Global Story  The Documentary Podcast  Business Daily  The Global Story  Football Daily  The Documentary Podcast  Global News Podcast  US  Canada news  Pamela Bach, Baywatch and Knight Rider star, dies aged 62  California governor says trans athletes in female sports 'deeply unfair'  Adnan Syed will not serve more jail time in Serial podcast murder case  SpaceX rocket explodes, raining debris from sky for second time in a row  Israel-Gaza war  US and Israel reject Arab alternative to Trump's Gaza plan  Gaza food prices soar after Israel halts aid deliveries  University condemns Palestine Action paint protest  Trump issues 'last warning' to Hamas as US confirms direct hostage talks  War in Ukraine  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Aid worker in Ukraine survives hotel missile strike  About 20 countries could join Ukraine coalition, UK says  Zelensky hopes US-Ukraine talks next week will be 'meaningful'  Sport  The lost wonderkid, street football  the Maradona giving him hope  'Calm down, it's not over', Mourinho warns Rangers  What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull? Premier League news conferences, build-up and team news - Mitoma fit for Brighton  Video  The unique mammal that gives birth unlike any other  Business  Jack Daniel's hits out at Canada pulling US alcohol  As US and Canada trade barbs, it's so far so good for Mexico's Sheinbaum  Boots gets new US owner in multi-billion dollar deal  Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve?

Tech  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  Deep-sea mining tech advances but doubts remain  Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve? Are Scottish students using AI to cheat their way to a degree? Science  health  The NHS is spending a fortune giving people a death they don't want  Mhairi Black: I was flailing in life until ADHD diagnosis  Newly discovered part of immune system could unlock wealth of antibiotics  Genetic drive to overeat found in labradors and humans  Culture  Brit Awards prompt 825 complaints about music stars to Ofcom  Roy Ayers, Everybody Loves the Sunshine musician, dies at 84  Olivia Rodrigo and The 1975 to headline Glastonbury festival  The King reveals his playlist, from Marley to Kylie  Discover more from the BBC  Tech Decoded  Download the BBC app  US Politics Unspun  Register for a BBC account  Subscribe to the Essential List  Sign up to News Briefing  Arts  Eight portraits found hidden inside masterpieces  The troubled history of the Sydney Opera House  Banksy take on Vettriano work sells for 4.3m  Did a gay affair stir a 14th-Century royal crisis? Travel  A 300km hike into Sri Lanka's lush Highlands  The Irish island where you go to disconnect  Beads in sewers, trash in trees: Can Mardi Gras go 'green'? The most beautiful cake for Ramadan  Earth  Meet the bison who are vaccinating themselves  Australia's central east coast braces for cyclone  The world's strongest ocean current is at risk of failing  US lost a fifth of its butterflies within two decades  Future Planet  The bugs transforming food waste into fertiliser  The rewilded golf courses turned into a nature 'microcosm'  The ex-fracking site tapped for underground heat  Why Vermont farmers are using urine on their crops It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December.

Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago.

It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. Police have blocked rail services to and from Gare du Nord after an unexploded device was found on the tracks in the Saint-Denis district. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government.

The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster. Performers and visitors to the famous gothic cathedral in the midst of the River Seine may find some subtle differences to the way sound bounces around its walls. Forty years ago, English poet Harrison published a powerful work inspired by vandalised gravestones in his hometown Leeds. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. Coffee was once believed to be bad for our health, but research suggests it can actually benefit us.

The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media. The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel. Newly released footage shows Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost making the second-ever commercial moon landing. Three people narrowly escaped a falling tree that crashed onto a sidewalk in Brooklyn, New York.

Green and fellow Democrats began singing after the House voted to censure the Texas congressman over his Trump speech disruption. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. The president also appeared to threaten civilians in Gaza, saying they would be "dead" if they held hostages.

The talks in Saudi Arabia come as both sides seek to heal a rift after presidents Zelensky and Trump clashed in public. All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. More than 600 Scottish students have been accused of misusing AI during part of their studies, according to a BBC FOI.

Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. King Charles III is launching a personal playlist of music from the Commonwealth that lifts his sprits. Get timely, trusted tech news from BBC correspondents around the world, every Monday and Friday. Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices. No noise.

No agenda. Just expert analysis of the issues that matter most from Anthony Zurcher, every Wednesday. Don't have time to read everything right now?

Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later. The weeks best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday. News and expert analysis for every schedule. Get the morning and evening editions of our flagship newsletter in your inbox.

A new revival of Christopher Marlowe's pioneering play about the 14th-Century King of England puts the spotlight back on his relationship with his male "favourite" Piers Gaveston. Kek lapis is a sublime art form, involving numerous colours and flavours commingling into an oh-so-soft and delicious cake that hides a kaleidoscope of intricate geometric patterns. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. Urine was used as fertiliser in ancient Rome and China. Now farmers in Vermont are bringing this practice back to boost harvests and grow crops in a more sustainable way.

It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago.

It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. Police have blocked rail services to and from Gare du Nord after an unexploded device was found on the tracks in the Saint-Denis district. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government. The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster.

Performers and visitors to the famous gothic cathedral in the midst of the River Seine may find some subtle differences to the way sound bounces around its walls. Forty years ago, English poet Harrison published a powerful work inspired by vandalised gravestones in his hometown Leeds. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. Coffee was once believed to be bad for our health, but research suggests it can actually benefit us. The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media.

The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel. Newly released footage shows Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost making the second-ever commercial moon landing. Three people narrowly escaped a falling tree that crashed onto a sidewalk in Brooklyn, New York.

Green and fellow Democrats began singing after the House voted to censure the Texas congressman over his Trump speech disruption. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. The president also appeared to threaten civilians in Gaza, saying they would be "dead" if they held hostages. The talks in Saudi Arabia come as both sides seek to heal a rift after presidents Zelensky and Trump clashed in public.

All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. More than 600 Scottish students have been accused of misusing AI during part of their studies, according to a BBC FOI.

Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. King Charles III is launching a personal playlist of music from the Commonwealth that lifts his sprits. Get timely, trusted tech news from BBC correspondents around the world, every Monday and Friday. Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices. No noise.

No agenda. Just expert analysis of the issues that matter most from Anthony Zurcher, every Wednesday. Don't have time to read everything right now? Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later. The weeks best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday.

News and expert analysis for every schedule. Get the morning and evening editions of our flagship newsletter in your inbox. A new revival of Christopher Marlowe's pioneering play about the 14th-Century King of England puts the spotlight back on his relationship with his male "favourite" Piers Gaveston. Kek lapis is a sublime art form, involving numerous colours and flavours commingling into an oh-so-soft and delicious cake that hides a kaleidoscope of intricate geometric patterns.

However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. Urine was used as fertiliser in ancient Rome and China. Now farmers in Vermont are bringing this practice back to boost harvests and grow crops in a more sustainable way.

List items:  Home  News  Israel-Gaza War  War in Ukraine  US  Canada  UK  UK Politics  England  N. Ireland  N. Ireland Politics  Scotland  Scotland Politics  Wales  Wales Politics  Africa  Asia  China  India  Australia  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  In Pictures  BBC InDepth  BBC Verify  Sport  Business  Executive Lounge  Technology of Business  Future of Business  Innovation  Technology  Science  Health  Artificial Intelligence  AI v the Mind  Culture  Film  TV  Music  Art  Design  Style  Books  Entertainment News  Arts  Arts in Motion  Travel  Destinations  Africa  Antarctica  Asia  Australia and Pacific  Caribbean  Bermuda  Central America  Europe  Middle East  North America  South America  Worlds Table  Culture  Experiences  Adventures  The SpeciaList  Earth  Natural Wonders  Weather  Science  Climate Solutions  Sustainable Business  Green Living  Audio  Podcasts  Radio  Audio FAQs  Video  Live  Live News  Live Sport

---

Russia carries out massive missile and drone attack on energy targets, Ukraine says  'We can't even step outside': Afghan women tell us what life is like under Taliban rule  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  'We can't even step outside': Afghan women tell us what life is like under Taliban rule  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  Eurostar services from Paris cancelled for rest of the day after WW2 bomb found  Watch: SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Pamela Bach, Baywatch and Knight Rider star, dies aged 62  More to explore  As US and Canada trade barbs, it's so far so good for Mexico's Sheinbaum  France has a nuclear umbrella. Could its European allies fit under it? Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve? Can Trump's tariffs break China's grip on manufacturing?

Boom to gloom: India middle-class jitters amid trillion-dollar market rout  France has a nuclear umbrella. Could its European allies fit under it? Weekly quiz: Anora cleaned up but who left the Oscars empty-handed? The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve?

Most watched  Watch: SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  'You literally cannot see' - blizzard causes chaos in Iowa  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Listen: Pope Francis shares voice message from hospital  Also in news  Genetic drive to overeat found in labradors and humans  Jack Daniel's hits out at Canada pulling US alcohol  Private spacecraft lands on Moon - but may be on its side  US lost a fifth of its butterflies within two decades  Pelicots' daughter presses charges against father jailed in mass rape case  Jack Daniel's hits out at Canada pulling US alcohol  Hunter Biden says he can't afford to continue laptop-related lawsuit  About 20 countries could join Ukraine coalition, UK says  Private spacecraft lands on Moon - but may be on its side  Most read  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Sweden is 'no longer a country that cannot be trusted'  SpaceX rocket explodes, raining debris from sky for second time in a row  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Former Liverpool mayor charged with bribery  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  Sport  Premier League news conferences, build-up and team news - Mitoma fit for Brighton  What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull? Zirkzee scores but Man Utd held by Real Sociedad  Chelsea edge out Copenhagen to take control of last-16 tie  Littler triumphs as Brighton sees two nine-darters  What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull? 'Calm down, it's not over', Mourinho warns Rangers  The lost wonderkid, street football  the Maradona giving him hope  Zirkzee scores but Man Utd held by Real Sociedad It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war.

The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional.

It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government. Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him.

As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House. President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. The "Made in China" juggernaut was built over decades.

Can Trump's moves set it back? One in five Indian households invest in the stock market, but the recent crash has left investors anxious. President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. How much attention did you pay to what has been going on in the world over the past seven days?

Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs.

Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs.

He told a court he's been displaced by LA fires, struggles to earn an income, and is millions of dollars in debt. The countries, largely from Europe and the Commonwealth, would not all send troops but are offering support. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface. All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win.

Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future. Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance. Conference League favourites Chelsea take control of their last-16 tie against Copenhagen with a narrow first-leg win in Denmark. Luke Littler wins night five of the Premier League in Brighton on an evening which sees two nine-dart finishes. Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future.

After watching Fenerbahce burgled in their own home by Rangers, Jose Mourinho goes on the offensive. The lost wonderkid who was once Jude Bellingham's roomate and found salvation in street football, now a Maradona is giving him hope. Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance. It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government.

Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government.

Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House. President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House.

The "Made in China" juggernaut was built over decades. Can Trump's moves set it back? One in five Indian households invest in the stock market, but the recent crash has left investors anxious. President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries.

How much attention did you pay to what has been going on in the world over the past seven days? Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat.

Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs.

He told a court he's been displaced by LA fires, struggles to earn an income, and is millions of dollars in debt. The countries, largely from Europe and the Commonwealth, would not all send troops but are offering support. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface. All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win. Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future.

Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance. Conference League favourites Chelsea take control of their last-16 tie against Copenhagen with a narrow first-leg win in Denmark. Luke Littler wins night five of the Premier League in Brighton on an evening which sees two nine-dart finishes. Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future.

After watching Fenerbahce burgled in their own home by Rangers, Jose Mourinho goes on the offensive. The lost wonderkid who was once Jude Bellingham's roomate and found salvation in street football, now a Maradona is giving him hope. Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance.

List items:  Home  News  Israel-Gaza War  War in Ukraine  US  Canada  UK  UK Politics  England  N. Ireland  N. Ireland Politics  Scotland  Scotland Politics  Wales  Wales Politics  Africa  Asia  China  India  Australia  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  In Pictures  BBC InDepth  BBC Verify  Sport  Business  Executive Lounge  Technology of Business  Future of Business  Innovation  Technology  Science  Health  Artificial Intelligence  AI v the Mind  Culture  Film  TV  Music  Art  Design  Style  Books  Entertainment News  Arts  Arts in Motion  Travel  Destinations  Africa  Antarctica  Asia  Australia and Pacific  Caribbean  Bermuda  Central America  Europe  Middle East  North America  South America  Worlds Table  Culture  Experiences  Adventures  The SpeciaList  Earth  Natural Wonders  Weather  Science  Climate Solutions  Sustainable Business  Green Living  Audio  Podcasts  Radio  Audio FAQs  Video  Live  Live News  Live Sport