Foreign Policy Magazine - home page  There appears to be a technical issue with your browser  TRUMPS SECOND TERM: FPs ongoing updates  Primary featured article section  Recent  Sign up for Latin America Brief  U.S.-Europe Tensions  Asia  the Pacific  China  Middle East  Africa  Europe  Americas  In the Magazine  FP Weekend  Trumps Second Term  FP Live Events  FP Insider logo Subscribe for access to exclusive articles, insights, and more  Subscribers Picks  Understand what's next  Books  In Case You Missed It  Trending  Visual Stories  Latest  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Can Latin America Find Consensus in the Age of Trump? Get Latin America Brief in your inbox  China Is Exploiting Americas Social Divisions  Who Will Rule Over Gaza After the War? The New Gold Rush  Three Years On, Whats Next for Europe and Ukraine? Trump and Zelenskys Week of Whiplash  What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions  Europes Looming Guns vs.

Butter Decision  Europe Is Now Led by Its North  Europe Gets Serious About Defense Thanks to Trumps Retreat  Note to Europe: Stay Calm and Dont Retaliate  Does India Have a Diplomatic Role in Ukraine? Nuclear Power Is the Cuckoo in the Climate Policy Nest  Containment Cant Win the U.S.-China Tech Race Alone  Myanmar Knows Xis World Order Is a Con  Another High-Ranking Chinese Official Falls  As Trump Abandons Allies, How Will China Respond? Trumps Europe Shock Creates an Opening for China  Xi Sends Message to Chinas Private Sector  Senegal Makes Peace With Separatists  Gaza Is the Land of No Good Options  Rwandas Attack on Congo Could Plunge Africa Into War  South Africa VAT Spat Delays Budget  Can Trumps 5 Percent Defense Spending Threshold Save NATO?

Europe Should Make a 200 Billion Deal With Trump  Ukraines Minerals Wont Solve U.S. Supply Chain Problems  Read Trump and Zelenskys Fiery Oval Office Exchange  Why Are We Surprised by the Trump-Putin Alliance? Who Will Protect the Earths Defenders? How Trump Is Killing the U.S. Defense Industry  Trump Can Make a Deal to Save Americas Auto Industry  America Is Locked in a New Class War  Trump Is Ushering In a More Transactional World  Why Bidens Foreign Policy Fell Short  Isolationism Wont Make Anyone Great Again  Does the Madman Theory Actually Work? How the Bulldozer Became a Symbol of Modis India  Shooting an Elephant in Botswana  The Cartography of Grievance  September 5 and the Pitfalls of German Idealism  The Forgotten Bombing  Updates on Trade, U.S.-Ukraine Tensions  Could Trumps Favorite Word Double as Climate Policy?

Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  Trumps Angry Meeting With Zelensky Prompts Reactions Worldwide  Trumps Pick for Key Pentagon Role Faces Off With GOP Hawks  Will Trump Try to Tip the Scales in Latin America? How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Join in-depth conversations and interact with foreign-policy experts. Upcoming  Past  Insider Access  About  50 Days of Trump  A Short History of Brutalist Architecture  The Rise and Fall of Human Rights  An Extraordinary Act of Extortion  Samuel Huntington Is Getting His Revenge  The Perils of a Reality TV Presidency  Three Years On, Whats Next for Europe and Ukraine? Trumps New Map  Dont cloud your understanding of complex geopolitical news.

Foreign Policy provides insightful analysis by world leaders, decision-makers and top experts. Unlock full coverage today. Is Protest Dead? A Hopeful Pope Francis Wont Be Silenced  How Gaza Shattered the Wests Mythology  Americas Economic Warfare Is Sowing Its Own Demise  The Novels Were Reading in February  The Clash Over Civilizations  How Great-Power Rivalry Hurts Ordinary Americans  A selection of paywall-free articles  Americas Zero-Sum Economics Doesnt Add Up  A New Multilateralism  Asian Powers Set Their Strategic Sights on Europe  A Day Inside Putins Surreal Television Empire  The China-Russia Axis Takes Shape  No, the World Is Not Multipolar  6 Swing States Will Decide the Future of Geopolitics  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  How Trump Is Killing the U.S. Defense Industry  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  What Is Americas China Policy?

How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Read Trump and Zelenskys Fiery Oval Office Exchange  What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions  The Mood on the Front Line, Three Years On  How Tourism Trapped Tibet  Can Latin America Find Consensus in the Age of Trump? China Is Exploiting Americas Social Divisions  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red Trumps approach of seeking a deal at any cost imperils the security of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea region. A strategy of targeted engagement, rather than returning to maximum pressure, could foster a genuine democratic transition.

Trade wars, rising prices, falling confidence, and sinking stock markets are not what Wall Street or Main Street voted for. While U.S. allies worry, other states would welcome better great-power relations. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us.

You may opt out at any time. Signed Up    Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Money and education no longer explain voting patterns. Countries and companies with clout might thrive.

The rest, not so much. Trophy hunting is uncomfortable for some in the West but a lifeline for many locals. FPs ongoing updates from staff and contributors. Ian Bremmer joins FP Live to assess Donald Trumps second term as president.

At the 50-day mark, are we seeing clear contours of a... READ MORE Ask a Question Ask a Question Registered Ask a Question Ask a Question  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN    The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature.

The Trump-Zelensky shouting match is a reminder that international diplomacy was never meant to be carried out in front of billions of eyes. Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Americas first post-literate president has only geography to fall back on. Why global resistance movements have failed and where they go from here.

Industrial policy and subsidies are nothing new and can be useful. But shutting off from the world will have consequences. Ukrainian troops watch with anxiety as the United States moves closer to talks with Russia over the war. The region is becoming a theme park for the Chinese nation.

Trumps approach of seeking a deal at any cost imperils the security of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea region. A strategy of targeted engagement, rather than returning to maximum pressure, could foster a genuine democratic transition. Trade wars, rising prices, falling confidence, and sinking stock markets are not what Wall Street or Main Street voted for. While U.S. allies worry, other states would welcome better great-power relations.

By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Signed Up    Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington.

Money and education no longer explain voting patterns. Countries and companies with clout might thrive. The rest, not so much. Trophy hunting is uncomfortable for some in the West but a lifeline for many locals.

FPs ongoing updates from staff and contributors. Ian Bremmer joins FP Live to assess Donald Trumps second term as president. At the 50-day mark, are we seeing clear contours of a... READ MORE Ask a Question Ask a Question Registered Ask a Question Ask a Question  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews.

Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN    The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature. The Trump-Zelensky shouting match is a reminder that international diplomacy was never meant to be carried out in front of billions of eyes. Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington.

Americas first post-literate president has only geography to fall back on. Why global resistance movements have failed and where they go from here. Industrial policy and subsidies are nothing new and can be useful. But shutting off from the world will have consequences.

Ukrainian troops watch with anxiety as the United States moves closer to talks with Russia over the war. The region is becoming a theme park for the Chinese nation. List items:  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and U.S. President Donald Trump are talking.

Trump and Zelenskys Week of Whiplash Report  Christina Lu  A large ship in the ocean What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions Analysis  Agathe Demarais  German Chancellor Olaf Scholz reacts during lunch with mountain soldiers during a visit of the German Federal Armed Forces Bundeswehr mountain infantry brigade in Schneizlreuth, southern Germany, on July 22, 2024. Europes Looming Guns vs. Butter Decision Analysis  Anchal Vohra  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky talks to a group of European leaders on the sidelines of a summit in Kyiv on Feb. 24, the third anniversary of Russias full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

Europe Is Now Led by Its North Argument  Caroline de Gruyter  French President Emmanuel Macron (right) and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer attend commemorations marking the 106th anniversary of the Nov. 11, 1918, armistice ending World War I, in Paris. Europe Gets Serious About Defense Thanks to Trumps Retreat Analysis  Keith Johnson  Von der Leyen, a woman in her 60s, is seen from the shoulders upward. She looks slightly concerned as she looks to the left. Behind her is a circle of yellow stars on a blue field from the EU flag.

Note to Europe: Stay Calm and Dont Retaliate Argument  Agathe Demarais  A photo illustration of a historic map of the Gulf of Mexico with "Mexico" crossed out and "America" scrawled across it in handwriting. The Cartography of Grievance Argument  Nick Danforth  A still from the movie "September 5" shows a room full of journalists behind the scenes at the 1972 summer olympics. September 5 and the Pitfalls of German Idealism Review  Allison Meakem  An aerial view shows the leveling of whole city blocks in Tokyo after U.S. incendiary bombing raids in 1945.

The Forgotten Bombing Excerpt  Richard Overy  Smoke rises from a factory of China Baowu Steel Group in Taiyuan, China. Could Trumps Favorite Word Double as Climate Policy? In the foreground is a man blurred from view. Behind him is a screen with stock market numbers.

Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  A fleet of cameras and reporters surround Lindsey Graham outside the White House. Trumps Angry Meeting With Zelensky Prompts Reactions Worldwide  U.S. Vice President J.D. Vance greets President Donald Trump's nominee to be under secretary of defense for policy, Elbridge Colby during Colby's confirmation hearing on March 4 in Washington. Trumps Pick for Key Pentagon Role Faces Off With GOP Hawks  A scale weighs cucumbers for sale at a street market in Mexico City, Mexico, on Feb. 3.

Will Trump Try to Tip the Scales in Latin America? Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump arrive for a photo session at the G-20 summit in Osaka, Japan, on June 28, 2019. How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews.

Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER?

LOGIN  Hope: The Autobiography, Pope Francis, trans. Richard Dixon, Random House, 320 pp., 32, January 2025. A Hopeful Pope Francis Wont Be Silenced Review  Michele Barbero  The book cover for The World After Gaza by Pankaj Mishra How Gaza Shattered the Wests Mythology Excerpt  Pankaj Mishra  The book cover for Chokepoints: American Power in the Age of Economic Warfare Americas Economic Warfare Is Sowing Its Own Demise Review  Keith Johnson  A grid of 12 fiction book covers out in February 2025. The Novels Were Reading in February Books  Chloe Hadavas, Allison Meakem  How the World Made the West: A 4,000-Year History, Josephine Quinn, Random House, 592 pp., 38, September 2024.

The Clash Over Civilizations Review  Ian Morris  The book cover for The Rivalry Peril, white and black type on a red field. How Great-Power Rivalry Hurts Ordinary Americans Excerpt  Van Jackson, Michael Brenes  An illustration shows the Statue of Liberty holding a torch with other hands alongside hers as she lifts the flame, also resembling laurel, into place on the edge of the United Nations laurel logo. A New Multilateralism Essay  Gordon Brown  Chinese soldiers in Belarus for military training. Asian Powers Set Their Strategic Sights on Europe Analysis  C. Raja Mohan  An illustration shows Russian President Vladimir Putin on a television set with spinning lines behind him for a story about Russia's TV propaganda. A Day Inside Putins Surreal Television Empire Analysis  Anastasia Edel  An illustration shows half faces of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Putin for a story about a ChiRussia alliance.

The China-Russia Axis Takes Shape Analysis  Bonny Lin  A photo illustration shows Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Joe Biden posing on pedestals atop the bipolar world order, with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, and Russian President Vladamir Putin standing below on a gridded floor. No, the World Is Not Multipolar Essay  Jo Inge Bekkevold  Russian President Vladimir Putin, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan greet each other at the BRICS summit in Johannesburg, South Africa, on July 27, 2018. 6 Swing States Will Decide the Future of Geopolitics Analysis  Cliff Kupchan  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red Analysis  Keith Johnson  How Trump Is Killing the U.S. Defense Industry Analysis  Elisabeth Braw  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around Argument  Francisco Rodríguez  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism Argument  Natia Seskuria  What Is Americas China Policy?

FP Live  How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific Analysis  Derek Grossman  Read Trump and Zelenskys Fiery Oval Office Exchange Transcript  Anusha Rathi, Christina Lu  What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions Analysis  Agathe Demarais

---

Email Protection  You are unable to access this email address foreignpolicy.com The website from which you got to this page is protected by Cloudflare. Email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots. You must enable Javascript in your browser in order to decode the e-mail address. If you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way, you can sign up for Cloudflare.

Cloudflare Ray ID: 91c92389df30b2c4  Your IP: Click to reveal 14.139.196.188  Performance  security by Cloudflare List items:  How does Cloudflare protect email addresses on website from spammers? Can I sign up for Cloudflare? ---

Latest  There appears to be a technical issue with your browser  List of Latest articles  Follow FP  Can Latin America Find Consensus in the Age of Trump? China Is Exploiting Americas Social Divisions  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  Who Will Rule Over Gaza After the War?

The New Gold Rush  How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Why Are We Surprised by the Trump-Putin Alliance? Can Trumps 5 Percent Defense Spending Threshold Save NATO? Who Will Protect the Earths Defenders? Trumps Pick for Key Pentagon Role Faces Off With GOP Hawks  China Orders Major Boost to Defense Spending  Does India Have a Diplomatic Role in Ukraine?

Europe Should Make a 200 Billion Deal With Trump Amid tariffs and aid cuts, the region displayed rare unity at the OAS this week. Beijing-backed groups are using Asian American concerns for leverage. Trumps approach of seeking a deal at any cost imperils the security of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea region. A strategy of targeted engagement, rather than returning to maximum pressure, could foster a genuine democratic transition. Trade wars, rising prices, falling confidence, and sinking stock markets are not what Wall Street or Main Street voted for.

U.S. President Donald Trump, Israeli opposition leader Yair Lapid, and Egypt have all made proposals on postwar governance in the enclave. A tug-of-war between governments and illegal miners is igniting conflict. To avoid the worst, states must make room for legal artisanal mining. While U.S. allies worry, other states would welcome better great-power relations. MAGAs ideology aligns more closely with authoritarianism than liberal democracy.

Experts suggest that shifting how the alliance spends its money could be more effective against a Russian security threat. In Colombia, environmental activists are under attack despite the presidents green promises. Elbridge Colbys hearing on Tuesday showcased fault lines in the party. Beijings military posturing aims to assert its dominance on the global stage, particularly with the United States and Taiwan.

After Trump and Zelenskys fiery meeting, New Delhi could find an opportunity to bolster other peace efforts. Cash to buy U.S. weapons for Ukraine would also help balance trade. Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on Twitter Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on LinkedIn List items:  Follow FP on Facebook  Follow FP on Twitter  Follow FP on Instagram  Follow FP on LinkedIn