Measuring Our Impact and Progress Essential data to guide decisions, monitor progress, and evaluate impact. See More Data Explore by focus area People Prosperity Planet Infrastructure Digital Transforming KnowledgeTransforming Lives Capacity development and training for next-generation leaders Explore the Knowledge Academy Search More Courses Explore by region Africa East Asia  Pacific Europe  Central Asia Latin America  Caribbean Middle East  North Africa South Asia Tracking our projects and results is a cornerstone of our work to become more transparent, accountable, and deliver impact that changes lives. ---

International Women's Day 2025  E-Learning Course  Empowering Women, Creating Jobs, and Transforming Communities  Jobs: Unlocking Womens Economic Potential and Boosting Economies  Investing in Mongolia's Women Entrepreneurs  Growing Women-Led Businesses, One Dream at a Time  How Access to Finance is Empowering Women-Owned Businesses in the Philippines  Skilling and Supporting Women Entrepreneurs in Rural Tamil Nadu  More women are needed in transport jobs in Europe and Central Asia  Empowering Women Tech Entrepreneurs in Georgia Unleashes Innovation  Empowering Women, Electrifying Nigeria  Bridging the Gap: Female Labor Force Participation in Nepals Transport Sector  Breaking Barriers: How Financial Inclusion Is Unlocking the Potential of Women ... Expanding Opportunities in Madagascar, One Microloan at a Time  The Ingredients Helping Africas Women Entrepreneurs Succeed  Who owns, who pays? New insights on property ownership and tax compliance  What's gender got to do with taxes?

The power of digital remittances in supporting women in Egypt  Investing in women means investing in solutions for peace and progress  Customizing loans for women entrepreneurs in India  Mexico: Advancing Women's Financial Inclusion  Outcomes for Womens Leadership in Forest and Agricultural Landscape Initiatives  Small Business, Big Impact: Empowering Women SMEs for Success  Young Women's Financial Inclusion: What Works  Empowering Caribbean women: The key to unleashing economic potential  Removing job restrictions to fuel womens economic empowerment  Future-proofing retirement: Why pension systems must adapt to womens needs  Pay transparency policies can reduce the gender pay gap: Denmark  the UK  Explore More  Equality at Work: A Decade of Accelerating Progress  Gender-Inclusive Carbon Markets: Solutions for Women's Participation  Women Entrepreneurs: Creating Jobs, Building Futures  Geographic Considerations in Evaluating Womens Employment Opportunities  Country Gender Profiles for Latin America and the Caribbean On International Womens Day 2025 we celebrate the potential of women and girls to transform our economies and societies. When women and girls have the chance to fully contribute their talents, they create jobs, drive innovation, and fuel economic growth. Ensuring more and better jobs for women is ensuring a more prosperous world for all. We share stories of entrepreneurs, community members, caregivers, students -- women -- all overcoming barriers to advance their businesses, livelihoods, and communities.

From helping entrepreneurs in Lao PDR to empowering women in tourism in Fiji, from boosting female participation in water utilities in Cambodia to strengthening healthcare in Samoa and leading research in Viet Nam, these ... Across sectors -- from STEM to healthcare, from agriculture to energy, from transport to digital access -- the World Bank is working to expand economic opportunities for all. Driving change in the transport industry can unlock the sectors full potential to promote growth for everyone. Women-led start-ups are turning innovative ideas into successful ventures that are creating jobs and boosting growth. Follow the journey of Terna and Aisha, two inspiring students whose lives have been profoundly impacted as they received hands-on training in renewable energy solutions. Discover how they plan to leverage their acquired skills to drive change and innovation in their communities.

Women remain significantly underrepresented in Africa's energy sector. Their stories showcase the power of education, resilience, and ambition in bridging gender gaps and powering a brighter, sustainable future for Africa. An analysis of Argentina tax data highlights the need for equitable tax policies that consider gender dynamics in wealth and tax compliance.

Tax systems must support gender equality in order to reduce income inequality, and promote economic growth for all. Aye Finance, an Indian technology-led finance company, was only extending 16 of their loans to women. Sanjay Sharma (CEO) and Sheena Sakhuja (Project Lead) talk about how in partnership with CGAP, they have developed a focused program that specifically targets women entrepreneurs through services and a product that meet their unique needs. Tailored financial inclusionthrough segmented products, accessible delivery, financial literacy, and partnershipssupports the transitions of young women into early adulthood.

Agriculture and Food: Development goals are only possible with women  four gender experts give their views Topic: Gender World Bank Gender Strategy (2024 - 2030) Umbrella Facility for Gender Equality Results Narrative Scorecard Women's Empowerment Strengthening Gender Statistics Gender Data Portal Topic: Gender World Bank Gender Strategy (2024 - 2030) Umbrella Facility for Gender Equality Results Narrative Scorecard Women's Empowerment Strengthening Gender Statistics Gender Data Portal On International Womens Day 2025 we celebrate the potential of women and girls to transform our economies and societies. When women and girls have the chance to fully contribute their talents, they create jobs, drive innovation, and fuel economic growth. Ensuring more and better jobs for women is ensuring a more prosperous world for all.

We share stories of entrepreneurs, community members, caregivers, students -- women -- all overcoming barriers to advance their businesses, livelihoods, and communities. Agriculture and Food: Development goals are only possible with women  four gender experts give their views List items:  Share more close linkedin digg renren stumbleupon delicious sina  linkedin  digg  renren  stumbleupon  delicious  sina  Empowering Women, Creating Jobs, and Transforming Communities From helping entrepreneurs in Lao PDR to empowering women in tourism in Fiji, from boosting female participation in water utilities in Cambodia to strengthening healthcare in Samoa and leading research in Viet Nam, these ... Empowering Women, Creating Jobs, and Transforming Communities  Jobs: Unlocking Womens Economic Potential and Boosting Economies Across sectors -- from STEM to healthcare, from agriculture to energy, from transport to digital access -- the World Bank is working to expand economic opportunities for all. Jobs: Unlocking Womens Economic Potential and Boosting Economies  Investing in Mongolia's Women Entrepreneurs Investing in Mongolia's Women Entrepreneurs  Growing Women-Led Businesses, One Dream at a Time Growing Women-Led Businesses, One Dream at a Time  How Access to Finance is Empowering Women-Owned Businesses in the Philippines How Access to Finance is Empowering Women-Owned Businesses in the Philippines  Skilling and Supporting Women Entrepreneurs in Rural Tamil Nadu Skilling and Supporting Women Entrepreneurs in Rural Tamil Nadu  More women are needed in transport jobs in Europe and Central Asia Driving change in the transport industry can unlock the sectors full potential to promote growth for everyone. More women are needed in transport jobs in Europe and Central Asia  Empowering Women Tech Entrepreneurs in Georgia Unleashes Innovation Women-led start-ups are turning innovative ideas into successful ventures that are creating jobs and boosting growth. Empowering Women Tech Entrepreneurs in Georgia Unleashes Innovation  Bridging the Gap: Female Labor Force Participation in Nepals Transport Sector Bridging the Gap: Female Labor Force Participation in Nepals Transport Sector  Breaking Barriers: How Financial Inclusion Is Unlocking the Potential of Women ...

Breaking Barriers: How Financial Inclusion Is Unlocking the Potential of Women ... Expanding Opportunities in Madagascar, One Microloan at a Time Expanding Opportunities in Madagascar, One Microloan at a Time  The Ingredients Helping Africas Women Entrepreneurs Succeed The Ingredients Helping Africas Women Entrepreneurs Succeed  Who owns, who pays? New insights on property ownership and tax compliance An analysis of Argentina tax data highlights the need for equitable tax policies that consider gender dynamics in wealth and tax compliance.

Who owns, who pays? New insights on property ownership and tax compliance  What's gender got to do with taxes? Tax systems must support gender equality in order to reduce income inequality, and promote economic growth for all. What's gender got to do with taxes? The power of digital remittances in supporting women in Egypt The power of digital remittances in supporting women in Egypt  Investing in women means investing in solutions for peace and progress Investing in women means investing in solutions for peace and progress  Mexico: Advancing Women's Financial Inclusion Mexico: Advancing Women's Financial Inclusion  Outcomes for Womens Leadership in Forest and Agricultural Landscape Initiatives Outcomes for Womens Leadership in Forest and Agricultural Landscape Initiatives  Small Business, Big Impact: Empowering Women SMEs for Success Small Business, Big Impact: Empowering Women SMEs for Success  Young Women's Financial Inclusion: What Works Tailored financial inclusionthrough segmented products, accessible delivery, financial literacy, and partnershipssupports the transitions of young women into early adulthood.

Young Women's Financial Inclusion: What Works  Empowering Caribbean women: The key to unleashing economic potential Empowering Caribbean women: The key to unleashing economic potential  World Bank Removing job restrictions to fuel womens economic empowerment Removing job restrictions to fuel womens economic empowerment  Future-proofing retirement: Why pension systems must adapt to womens needs Future-proofing retirement: Why pension systems must adapt to womens needs  Pay transparency policies can reduce the gender pay gap: Denmark  the UK Pay transparency policies can reduce the gender pay gap: Denmark  the UK  MIGA GENDER LEADERSHIP AWARD Equality at Work: A Decade of Accelerating Progress March 7  10-11:30 AM ET Sign Up to Watch Live Equality at Work: A Decade of Accelerating Progress  Webinar Gender-Inclusive Carbon Markets: Solutions for Women's Participation March 5  10-11 AM, ET Register Gender-Inclusive Carbon Markets: Solutions for Women's Participation  We-Fi Annual Report Women Entrepreneurs: Creating Jobs, Building Futures Download Women Entrepreneurs: Creating Jobs, Building Futures  Geographic Considerations in Evaluating Womens Employment Opportunities Enroll Geographic Considerations in Evaluating Womens Employment Opportunities  Country Gender Profiles for Latin America and the Caribbean Country-specific insights for monitoring and benchmarking gender equality across 11 priority areas Download Country Gender Profiles for Latin America and the Caribbean

---

Jobs: Unlocking Womens Economic Potential and Boosting Economies In the face of Haiti's enduring challenges, Roseline Jozil's resilience mirrors that of countless others striving for progress amidst adversity. As she navigates the complexities of life in the southern region, her story of hope and determination - amidst the backdrop of ongoing crises - underscores critical support and investments pledged by the World Bank's International Development Association. In the face of Haiti's enduring challenges, Roseline Jozil's resilience mirrors that of countless others striving for progress amidst adversity. As she navigates the complexities of life in the southern region, her story of hope and determination - amidst the backdrop of ongoing crises - underscores critical support and investments pledged by the World Bank's International Development Association.

List items:  العربية  العربية  Share more close linkedin digg renren stumbleupon delicious sina  linkedin  digg  renren  stumbleupon  delicious  sina