: O unfading glory! O immortal joy! In furrows of pain goodness germinates now goodness germinates now. O unfading glory! O immortal joy! In furrows of pain goodness germinates now. The horrible night has ceased, the sublime liberty spills the auroras of its invincible light. All humanity, moans within its chains, understands the words of He who died on the Cross. “Independence!” cries the American world; soaked in blood of heroes the land of Columbus. Still, one great principle, “The king is not sovereign”, resounds, and those who suffer bless their passion. The Orinoco’s bed fills with the remains, of blood and tears a river is there seen flowing. In Bárbula they don’t know the souls nor the eyes, if admiration or horror feel or suffer. On the shores of the Caribbean, famished, the people fight, horrors preferring to treacherous health. O, aye! for Cartagena the abnegation is much, and the shambles of death its courage despises. From Boyacá in the fields, the genius of glory, for every ear a hero undefeated crowned. Soldiers without breastplate won victory; their virile breath as shield served. Bolivar crosses the Andes that two oceans bathe, swords as sparks shine in Junín. Untameable centaurs descend to the plains, and a prescience begins to be felt, of the epic the end. The victorious trumpet in Ayacucho thunders, that in every triumph grows its formidable sound. In its expansive thrust Liberty is worn for the first time, from the American sky a pavilion forming. The virgin her hairs pulls out in agony and from her beloved widowed hangs them on a cypress. Regretting her hope covered by a cold headstone, but glorious pride hallows her fair skin. Thus the motherland is formed, Thermopylaes are breaking forth; constellation of cyclops its night brightened. The trembling flower finding the wind mortal, underneath the laurels safety sought. But it’s not complete glory to defeat in battle, that the arm that fights is encouraged by truth. Independence alone The great clamour doesn’t silence; if the sun illuminates everyone, justice is liberty. From men the rights Nariño’s preaching, the soul of struggle prophetically taught. Ricaurte in San Mateo, in atoms flying, “Duty before life,” with flames he wrote.