Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth  Curbing the Power of the Popes  The Wild Hunt in England  The Great German Peasants War  Todays featured articles  Most recent  Current issue  Popular Articles  ALTERNATIVE HISTORIES  Recent issues  Chamberlain, Appeasement, and the Wait for War  The Rise and Ruin of Heligoland  The First Anglo-Burmese War  The Affair of the Sausages  The Wild Hunt in England  Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth  Maiden Flight of the Spitfire  The Nabataeans are Coming  Friends in Youth by Minoo Dinshaw review  An Uneasy Propaganda Alliance  The Birth of Giovanni Morelli  In the March issue:  Volume 75 Issue 3 March 2025  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024 Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the popes religious and secular powers. The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt.

Was it ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? More than 100,000 people took up arms across the Holy Roman Empire in the spring of 1525. What drove them? And why were they ultimately crushed?

The wait for the outcome of Neville Chamberlains mission to Munich and the looming spectre of another war hung over Britain in 1938. Its impact was deeply felt. The key to Germanys imperial ambition, the North Sea island of Heligoland was transformed into a fortress. By the end of the Second World War, the dream lay in ruins.

In March 1824 the East India Company declared war on Burma, the opening salvo in a series of conflicts that would see one empire fall, another expand and leave divisive wounds still felt today. On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes.

Was it all bread and circuses? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour.

Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth.

Giovanni Morelllater Morelliwas born in Verona on 25 February 1816 beginning a lifetime of dedication to the art of the connoisseur. The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App.

Peasants War, Reconquista, Tokyo Firebombing Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes.

Was it all bread and circuses? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour. Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism?

Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Giovanni Morelllater Morelliwas born in Verona on 25 February 1816 beginning a lifetime of dedication to the art of the connoisseur.

List items:  FeatureChamberlain, Appeasement, and the Wait for WarThe wait for the outcome of Neville Chamberlains mission to Munich and the looming spectre of another war hung over Britain in 1938. Its impact was deeply felt. Julie Gottlieb  FeatureThe Rise and Ruin of HeligolandThe key to Germanys imperial ambition, the North Sea island of Heligoland was transformed into a fortress. By the end of the Second World War, the dream lay in ruins.

Jan Rüger  FeatureThe First Anglo-Burmese WarIn March 1824 the East India Company declared war on Burma, the opening salvo in a series of conflicts that would see one empire fall, another expand and leave divisive wounds still felt today. Michael W. Charney  Months Past The Affair of the Sausages On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. Out of the Margins The Wild Hunt in England The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking?

History Matters Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? Months Past Maiden Flight of the Spitfire On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight.

Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour. Behind the Times The Nabataeans are Coming Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism?

Review Friends in Youth by Minoo Dinshaw review Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. History Matters An Uneasy Propaganda Alliance The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Months Past The Birth of Giovanni Morelli Giovanni Morelllater Morelliwas born in Verona on 25 February 1816 beginning a lifetime of dedication to the art of the connoisseur. Image In the March issue: The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more.

Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. Volume 75 Issue 3 March 2025Peasants War, Reconquista, Tokyo Firebombing  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives

---

This Months Magazine  SELECTED ARTICLES FROM THIS ISSUE  Recent issues  In the current issue:  The Great German Peasants War  The Firebombing of Tokyo  Adolphe Saxs Brass Wars  Pelayo: the Reluctant Visigoth and the Reconquista  The Great Siege of Malta by Marcus Bull review  Delivering the Chinese Post Office  How Have Cults Shaped American History?

Curbing the Power of the Popes  An Uneasy Propaganda Alliance  Friends in Youth by Minoo Dinshaw review  The Nabataeans are Coming  Maiden Flight of the Spitfire  Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth  The Wild Hunt in England  The Affair of the Sausages  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024  Volume 74 Issue 11 November 2024  Volume 74 Issue 10 October 2024  Volume 74 Issue 9 September 2024  Volume 74 Issue 8 August 2024  Volume 74 Issue 7 July 2024  Volume 74 Issue 6 June 2024  Volume 74 Issue 5 May 2024  Volume 74 Issue 4 April 2024  Volume 74 Issue 3 March 2024 The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App.

More than 100,000 people took up arms across the Holy Roman Empire in the spring of 1525. What drove them? And why were they ultimately crushed? American air raids on Japans capital burned the city in March 1945, killing 80,000 people in one night alone.

Had to be done, said the general who ordered it. A battle of wills between Adolphe Sax and musical instrument makers in 19th-century France saw an unprecedented legal contest unfold. Pelayo, King of Asturias, is Spains first national hero, credited with beginning the Reconquista with his victory at the Battle of Covadonga. What do we really know about him?

The Great Siege of Malta by Marcus Bull upends the myth of the Knights of Malta and their last stand of 1565. As Late Imperial China sought to rebuild as a modern state from the ashes of war, a new national post office was born. From a cults rogue personalities to its foundational ideologies, how have fringe beliefs guided the direction of the American dream?

The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the popes religious and secular powers. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour.

Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages.

Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives Medieval Monks, Duelling, Roman Elections Silk Road, French Resistance, Medieval Wills William III, Blitz Murder, Edwardian Wars Ethiopian Monks, Lit  Phils, A Game at Chess Korean War, Robert the Bruce, Highwaymen D-Day, Jack the Ripper, James I Merlin, French Revolution, Orkney Spanish Civil War, Capetians, Spies Pirates, Haiti, Tudor Domesday Book See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. More than 100,000 people took up arms across the Holy Roman Empire in the spring of 1525.

What drove them? And why were they ultimately crushed? American air raids on Japans capital burned the city in March 1945, killing 80,000 people in one night alone. Had to be done, said the general who ordered it.

A battle of wills between Adolphe Sax and musical instrument makers in 19th-century France saw an unprecedented legal contest unfold. Pelayo, King of Asturias, is Spains first national hero, credited with beginning the Reconquista with his victory at the Battle of Covadonga. What do we really know about him? The Great Siege of Malta by Marcus Bull upends the myth of the Knights of Malta and their last stand of 1565.

As Late Imperial China sought to rebuild as a modern state from the ashes of war, a new national post office was born. From a cults rogue personalities to its foundational ideologies, how have fringe beliefs guided the direction of the American dream? The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the popes religious and secular powers.

The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight.

Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour. Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses?

The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. List items:  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives  Volume 74 Issue 11 November 2024Medieval Monks, Duelling, Roman Elections  Volume 74 Issue 10 October 2024Silk Road, French Resistance, Medieval Wills  Volume 74 Issue 9 September 2024William III, Blitz Murder, Edwardian Wars  Volume 74 Issue 8 August 2024Ethiopian Monks, Lit  Phils, A Game at Chess  Volume 74 Issue 7 July 2024Korean War, Robert the Bruce, Highwaymen  Volume 74 Issue 6 June 2024D-Day, Jack the Ripper, James I  Volume 74 Issue 5 May 2024Merlin, French Revolution, Orkney  Volume 74 Issue 4 April 2024Spanish Civil War, Capetians, Spies  Volume 74 Issue 3 March 2024Pirates, Haiti, Tudor Domesday Book

====================

British Library  We are the national library of the UK.

Our shelves hold over 170 million items - a living collection that gets bigger every day. I want to...  Support our work  News  Contact us  Consult the collection  Use the Library  Visit our buildings  Attend an event  Find schools information  Get business support  Explore items from Medieval Women online  Access the British Newspaper Archive in our Reading Rooms  Essential maintenance in the Reading Rooms  Four major digitised manuscripts restored Although our roots extend back centuries, we collect everything published today, tomorrow and decades into the future. We have millions of books, but also newspapers, maps, sound recordings, patents and stamps.

Our spaces are open for study, a place to meet friends, to start up a new business or to get inspired by visiting our galleries and events. We're continuing to experience a major technology outage as a result of a cyber-attack. Our buildings are open as usual, however, the outage is still affecting our website, online systems and services, as well as some onsite services.

This is a temporary website, with limited content outlining the services that are currently available, as well as what's on at the Library. Search our online catalogue to find most of our printed collections and some freely available online resources, but not everything is available. Our Reading Rooms in London and Yorkshire are open, but access to our collection and online resources is limited. Our buildings in London and Yorkshire are open as usual.

Find our opening hours, facilities and access information. Discover what's on at the Library. We have five-star exhibitions, events and courses, family activities, free galleries and tours. Explore our free workshops and activities for schools, available in London, Leeds and online. Start-up, protect or grow your business.

Our centres across the UK offer expert advice for all stages of your business journey. As a charity, we work to preserve and share our collection of over 170 million items, which grows every day. 27 February 2025 - You can now explore several items recently displayed in our Medieval Women exhibition, now available in their entirety on our website. 19 February 2025 - You can now access nearly 90 million pages of digitised newspapers when you use the British Newspaper Archive on your own device in our Reading Rooms.

Login or register for the BNA to access the archive when you connect to our WiFi. 14 February 2025 - Scaffolding will be in place in the BIPC Reading Room on Saturday 22 February and in the Humanities Reading Room on Saturday 1 March. The rooms will be open as usual, but due to the scaffolding some banks of desks will be unavailable and part of the open access shelving in the BIPC will be inaccessible. All our other Reading Rooms are open as usual. 30 October 2024 - We've now added the Moutier-Grandval Bible, Codex Sinaiticus, Chronicle of the Kings of Mann and the Isles; John of Salisbury, Entheticus in Policraticum etc., and the Lindisfarne Gospels to our restored digitised manuscripts.

Email customerbl.uk or use our online chat (MondayâââFriday, 09.30âââ16.00). ---

How to use the British Library  Search our catalogue  Whatâs currently available? Visit the British Library  More information and resources  Research guides  Get your Reader Pass  Use our study spaces  Order collection items  Other available resources We're a bit different to your local library.

We house the national collection, with many unique items. You can't take books home, but you can use our Reading Rooms in London and Yorkshire for personal study and to access our collection. All you need is a free Reader Pass.

You can also use our public spaces in London for personal study, but you can only consult collection items in our Reading Rooms. Some rooms have a special focus, where you consult a particular type of material, others are more general reading areas. All of them have comfy seats, free Wi-Fi, and staff you can ask for advice. Explore an interim version of our main catalogue, which contains the majority of our printed collections, but not everything is included.

We're continuing to experience disruption to our services because of a cyber-attack. At the moment access to our collection and online resources is limited. Your Reader Pass is a library card that gives you free access to our collections and Reading Rooms in London and Yorkshire.

We have 11 Reading Rooms in London and one in Yorkshire, where you can request and see our collection items, or just come to study. Request items from our catalogue of over 170 million items and they'll be waiting for you in our Reading Rooms. Our research and collection guides can help you use our catalogue, request collection items to consult, and explore freely available electronic resources. Get in touch with our friendly team.

We can help you find what you need. Explore our blogs from curators and teams across the Library. Freely available eresources, selected by our experts and listed by title and subject.

Information about our other services, including Public Lending Right (PLR), Legal Deposit, British Library On Demand, digitisation and metadata services. Access 1,000 of our digitised manuscripts, including the Sherborne Missal and Octateuch, Four Gospels and Synodicon. Look at digitised collections items from around the world through our Endangered Archive Programme (EAP).

Access a temporary search interface for the English Short Title Catalogue (ESTC), to search over 480,000 pre-1801 records, many with links to Early English Books Online (EEBO). Created by Nikolai Vogler for the collaborative research project Print  Probability. Use this filtered search to access over 700,000 digitised books from our collection on Google Books. Search our open access Research Repository for outputs from our staff, open access data sets, 3D models of collection items and content from other heritage organisations. The British Library Playbills collection gives access to 80,000 theatre posters.

It includes high resolution images with searchable text of English, Scottish, and Irish playbills made between 1600 and 1902 (mostly 19th century). Explore manuscripts, paintings, textiles and artefacts from the Eastern Silk Roads, conserved and digitised as part of the International Dunhuang Programme. The website includes about 40,000 digitised items from the British Library collection, including manuscripts and historical photographs. LibraryOn is a single online home for libraries and library users across the country â offering an easy way to find, understand and use your local libraryâs services.

List items:  British Library  Research

---

Business  IP Centre: For every bright idea, everywhere  Start-up and scale-up programmes  More business resources  Where to find us  Find business support in your local library  Free business events  Business research and resources  Kickstart Your Business  Get Ready for Business Growth  Catch up on our business events  Our Impact: Democratising Entrepreneurship  Read our business blog  BIPC Reading Room opening times Weâre here to help you start and grow your business. We offer a busy programme of free events, workshops and one-to-ones with our team of specialists, as well as access to the largest collection of business and intellectual property (IP) information in the UK, including market research, funding and company information. Follow us on Instagram businessandipcentre and LinkedIn Business  IP Centre.

With our network of Business  IP Centres (BIPCs) in libraries across London and the UK, weâre here to help wherever you are. Take a look at our interactive map to find your local centre and check out the resources and support available. From panel talks with industry leaders to specialist workshops on intellectual property, funding, marketing and more, our business events programme will inform and inspire you.

With both online events and plenty of opportunities to network and meet other entrepreneurs in person, weâve got something for everyone. We offer specialist one-to-one business support and market research for all stages of your business journey, in person or online. You can access our free industry guides, research and get specific guidance on patents and intellectual property, and come along to the BIPC and use our business databases with a member of our team.

Our free two-day programme will provide practical tips to get your start-up off the ground and turn your business idea into a reality. Taking place in BIPCs across London, we offer tailored business information on everything from finding your customers to researching and protecting your brand. Discover how our scale-up programme has helped over 400 individuals to innovate and grow their creative businesses through one-to-one mentoring, tailored workshops and access to bespoke research. Email scaleupbl.uk to apply to join the 2025 programme.

Get inspired at any time with recordings of our previous Inspiring Entrepreneurs events. Covering a wide variety of topics and industries, you can learn key business tips and tricks from successful entrepreneurs. Find out how we are driving economic growth through our Network of over 100 libraries around the UK. Keep up with our best business advice from our expert team and inspiring entrepreneurs, learn about intellectual property and patents, and read interviews with BIPC success stories from across the UK. The Business  IP Centre (BIPC) and Reading Room is located on Floor 1 in the British Library St Pancras site.

We also have a growing network of BIPCs offering business support in local libraries across London and the rest of the UK. Contact us at bipcbl.uk and see how we can help you today. List items:  British Library  Business