Trending on Classic FM  Latest on Classic FM  Highlights on Classic FM  Classic FM on Global Player  More Music News  Music Periods  Popular Composers  Discover artists  Discover video  Discover Film  TV  Discover lyrics  Contact Classic FM  Listen to Classic FM  Classic FM Calm  Movies  Classic FM Live Playlists  Classic FMs newsletter  Classic FM Romance  Classic FM merchandise  Best classical music  Classic FM on YouTube  Globals Make Some Noise  Classic FM Romance  Women  Men  Search  Featured Podcasts  Weather, traffic and travel  Latest on Classic FM  Vote for your favourite classical music in the Classic FM Hall of Fame 2025  First female musician in New York Philharmonic said no at first to Oscar-winning film about her life  The 10 best pieces of music by Ravel  Who is Jeneba Kanneh-Mason, the rising star British pianist? How to listen to Classic FM Movies  How to listen to Classic FM Calm  Win a special Amazon Echo Dot in Classic FMs Workplace of the Week  Win 100,000 with Classic FM! Classic FM on Global Player: live radio, playlists and podcasts! Classic FMs Rising Stars: 30 incredible musicians under 30 were celebrating in 2025  We break down Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivos Oscars duet from a classical music perspective  The Brutalist composer Daniel Blumberg wins his first Oscar for Best Original Score  What does sonata mean in classical music? New Jesse Eisenberg film A Real Pain is scored entirely by Frédéric Chopin  Henry Kelly, a founding presenter on Classic FM, dies aged 78 after a period of ill health  More than 1,000 musicians record silent album to protest plans to let AI use their music  The Baroque Period  The Classical Period  The Romantic Period  The 20th Century  Beethoven  Bach  John Williams  Mozart  Who is Gustavo Dudamel, Grammy-winning Venezuelan conductor?

Who is Isata Kanneh-Mason? Star pianists age, family, recordings and more facts  Who is Víkingur Ólafsson, the Grammy-winning Icelandic pianist? Who is Marin Alsop? The trailblazing American conductor, music director and mentor  André Rieu facts: the Dutch violinists wife, concerts, net worth and his Johann Strauss Orchestra  Aled Jones facts: Welsh singer and presenters age, albums, family, career and more revealed  Lang Lang surprises audiences at Ed Sheerans China tour with Perfect piano duet  Julie Andrews and real-life Maria von Trapp sing Edelweiss in timeless duet  Jeff Goldblum plays poignant jazz piano solo As Time Goes By at BAFTA film awards  Aled Jones sings Walking in the Air in falsetto... 40 years on!

97-year-old Herbert Blomstedt conducts epic climax of Mahler Symphony  Yo-Yo Ma performs Bachs beautiful prelude in newly renovated Notre Dame cathedral  10 most romantic movie scores of all time  All of John Williams 54 Oscar nominations so far  including five wins  Hear haunting music composed at Auschwitz for the first time in 80 years  Is Timothée Chalamet really singing and playing in new Bob Dylan biopic? Meet Doreen Carwithen, the worlds first fully-professional female film composer  Bill Skarsgård worked with an opera singer to produce terrifying vampire voice for Nosferatu  What are the lyrics to the US National Anthem, The Star-Spangled Banner? What are the lyrics to The Holly and Ivy, and what is it about?

What are the lyrics to O Come, O Come, Emmanuel, and what is the Christmas carol really about? 20 famous Christmas carol lyrics  What are the lyrics to O Little Town of Bethlehem  and why are there two versions? What are the lyrics to Jesus Christ the Apple Tree, and who composed the carol?

What are the lyrics to Silent Night, and whats the story of the Christmas carol? What are the lyrics to We Three Kings of Orient Are, and who wrote the popular carol? What are the lyrics to Moroccos national anthem, the Cherifian Anthem, and who wrote it?

What are the lyrics to Colombias national anthem and when was it written? What are the lyrics to Baa Baa Black Sheep, and what is its history? What are the lyrics to Slovenias national anthem?

Who is Christopher Macchio, the operatic tenor singing the national anthem at the US inauguration? Japanese UK ambassador sings Wales national anthem in Welsh, delighting crowds  Vocal group Pentatonix sing The Star-Spangled Banner in spine-tingling five-part harmony  Soprano Nadine Sierra sings glorious La Marseillaise outside Notre-Dame as cathedral opens its doors  James Earl Jones reciting the US national anthem proves his voice was music  French mezzo-soprano sings breathtaking La Marseillaise on Paris rooftop at Opening Ceremony  Hannah Waddingham delivers spine-tingling God Save the King solo at British Grand Prix  Olympic swimmer plays US national anthem on violin, thrilling 25,000-strong audience  What are the lyrics to Albanias national anthem? What are the lyrics to Switzerlands national anthem, the Swiss Psalm?

What is Norways national anthem, and what are the lyrics in English? The 10 best national anthems  How to listen to Classic FM  Classic FM Calm  Classic FM Movies  Classic FM Hall of Fame  Classic FM Pet Classics  Classic FM Video Game Music  Essential Classical  Classic FMs Baby Bedtime  Classic FM Revision  Subscribe to Notes, Classic FMs newsletter  Find someone on your wavelength today  The Classic FM Merch Store is open! The 15 most famous tunes in classical music  The 15 greatest symphonies of all time  The 4 eras of classical music: a quick guide  The 25 greatest conductors of all time  The 30 greatest classical music composers of all time  Subscribe to our YouTube channel  Find out more and give to Classic FMs charity  DuathlonGirl  LLM52  CambridgeGirl  Catie  SocialSage  Trekker  SimonRM  Alastair73  Find your perfect match today!

Classical Dreams  Case Notes  Beethoven: The Man Revealed  The Sports Agents  Weather  Follow the traffic and travel on Classic FM  Hundreds of musicians protest shock Cardiff University music school closure  Michael Tilson Thomas announces final concerts after his brain tumour returns  Philharmonia musician distraught after rare 285-year-old violin stolen from London pub  Edward Gardner apologises for making Mafia comment about Naples opera house chorus  Did you know Jeff Goldblum is actually a world-class jazz pianist? Meet the man who invented the Nocturne  and no, it wasnt Chopin... The 10 most romantic pieces of classical music  Who is Jon Batiste, the Grammy-winning composer and pianist conquering the music world?

First ever opera about Margaret Thatchers time as prime minister hits the stage  Legendary pianist and maestro Daniel Barenboim announces he has Parkinsons disease Classic FM Hall of Fame New York Phil Ravel Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Chopin Gustavo Dudamel Discover Music Marin Alsop André Rieu Aled Jones Lang Lang Videos Discover Music Aled Jones Yo-Yo Ma Discover Music Williams Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Videos Videos Discover Music Videos Videos Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Jenkins Philharmonia Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music Daniel Barenboim List items:  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  0-9

---

Hall of Fame  Catch up on Global Player  Hall of Fame Hour  How to Listen  Latest on Classic FM  Classic FM Hall of Fame 2023: browse the top 300 chart  Vote for your favourite classical music in the Classic FM Hall of Fame 2025  Howard Shores The Lord of the Rings voted No.1 soundtrack in the Classic FM Movie Music Hall of Fame 2024  Vote in the Classic FM Movie Music Hall of Fame 2024 for the chance to win a movie night bundle! Catch up with the Classic FM Hall of Fame Hour with Dan Walker  Catch up with the Classic FM Hall of Fame Hour with Tim Lihoreau  Email Dan Walker  Email Tim Lihoreau  Classic FM Breakfast with Dan Walker  Classic FM Breakfast with Tim Lihoreau at the weekend  How to Listen to Classic FM  The 10 best pieces of music by Ravel  Who is Jeneba Kanneh-Mason, the rising star British pianist? Classic FMs Rising Stars: 30 incredible musicians under 30 were celebrating in 2025  We break down Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivos Oscars duet from a classical music perspective  First female musician in New York Philharmonic said no at first to Oscar-winning film about her life  The Brutalist composer Daniel Blumberg wins his first Oscar for Best Original Score  What does sonata mean in classical music? New Jesse Eisenberg film A Real Pain is scored entirely by Frédéric Chopin  Henry Kelly, a founding presenter on Classic FM, dies aged 78 after a period of ill health  More than 1,000 musicians record silent album to protest plans to let AI use their music Classic FM Hall of Fame Ravel Discover Music Discover Music Discover Music New York Phil Discover Music Chopin