AI is the new electricity. You are the spark. AI Courses and Specializations  In Collaboration With  What matters in AI right now  GPT-4.5 Goes Big, Claude 3.7 Reasons, Alexa Goes Agentic, Generating Text Like an Image  Meta Reads Minds, Big AI Spending Climbs, Deepfakes Appropriate Celeb Likenesses, Reasoning in Vectors  Grok 3 Scales Up, Mobile Apps Generated To Order, Musk Moves On OpenAI, Officials Reverse Course on AI Regulation  Get Started with AI and Machine Learning  Stay up to date on the latest news, courses, and AI events Get the latest AI news, courses, events, and insights from Andrew Ng and other AI leaders. Join over 7 million people learning how to use and build AI Build a foundation of machine learning and AI skills, and understand how to apply them in the real world.

How to Build Your Career in AI A practical roadmap to building your career in AI from AI pioneer Andrew Ng Machine Learning Yearning An introductory book about developing ML algorithms. A Complete Guide to Natural Language Processing A comprehensive guide covering all you need to know about NLP. Get the latest AI news, courses, events, and insights from Andrew Ng and other AI leaders.

Join over 7 million people learning how to use and build AI Build a foundation of machine learning and AI skills, and understand how to apply them in the real world. How to Build Your Career in AI A practical roadmap to building your career in AI from AI pioneer Andrew Ng Machine Learning Yearning An introductory book about developing ML algorithms. A Complete Guide to Natural Language Processing A comprehensive guide covering all you need to know about NLP.

---

All Courses Grow your AI career with foundational specializations and skill-specific short courses taught by leaders in the field. Grow your AI career with foundational specializations and skill-specific short courses taught by leaders in the field. ---

What Matters in AI Right Now  GPT-4.5 Goes Big, Claude 3.7 Reasons, Alexa Goes Agentic, Generating Text Like an Image  Reinforcement Learning Heats Up, White House Orders Muscular AI Policy, Computer Use Gains Momentum, Fine Control of Fine-Tuning  DeepSeek Sharpens Its Reasoning: DeepSeek-R1, an affordable rival to OpenAIs o1  Tumbling Training Costs, Desktop AI Supercomputer, Tighter AI Export Restrictions, Improved Contrastive Loss  Meta Reads Minds, Big AI Spending Climbs, Deepfakes Appropriate Celeb Likenesses, Reasoning in Vectors  Grok 3 Scales Up, Mobile Apps Generated To Order, Musk Moves On OpenAI, Officials Reverse Course on AI Regulation  OpenAI Does Deep Research, Google Goes to War, Alibaba Answers DeepSeek, Web Agents Do Tree Search  o3-mini Puts Reasoning in High Gear, How to Train for Computer Use, Gemini 2.0 Thinks Faster, More-Responsive Voice Interactions  Reinforcement Learning Heats Up, White House Orders Muscular AI Policy, Computer Use Gains Momentum, Fine Control of Fine-Tuning  DeepSeeks Open Reasoning Model, Affordable Humanoid Robots, Texas Restrictive AI Law, GenAI for Electronics  Tumbling Training Costs, Desktop AI Supercomputer, Tighter AI Export Restrictions, Improved Contrastive Loss  When Good Models Do Bad Things, What Users Really Want, More Training Data!, Better Model Merging  Happy New Year! Hopes For 2025 With Mustafa Suleyman, Audrey Tang, Albert Gu, Hanno Basse, Joseph Gonzalez, David Ding  Top AI Stories of 2024! Agents Rise, Prices Fall, Models Shrink, Video Takes Off, Acquisitions Morph  Phi-4 Breaks Size Barrier, HunyuanVideo Narrows Open Source Gap, Gemini 2.0 Flash Accelerates Multimodal Modeling, LLMs Propose Research Ideas  Amazon Novas Competitive PricePerformance, OpenAI o1 Pros High PricePerformance, Googles Game Worlds on Tap, Factual LLMs  AI Agents Spend Real Money, Breaking Jailbreaks, Mistral Goes Big and Multimodal, AIs Growing E-Waste Problem  DeepSeek Takes On OpenAI, Robots Fold Laundry, Amazon and Anthropic Expand Partnership, More Efficient Object Detection  Next-Gen Models Show Limited Gains, Real-Time Video Generation, China AI Chips Blocked, Transformer Training Streamlined  Subscribe to The Batch Stay updated with weekly AI News and Insights delivered to your inbox Stay updated with weekly AI News and Insights delivered to your inbox