Artificial intelligence

---

Now read the rest of The Algorithm  Featured Story  New and Popular  Highlights  Most Popular  Magazine  Features  What's Next  MIT Alumni News  Spotlight  The Feed  Welcome to robot city  AI reasoning models can cheat to win chess games  Should we be moving data centers to space? How DeepSeek became a fortune teller for Chinas youth  How a top Chinese AI model overcame US sanctions  De-extinction scientists say these gene-edited woolly mice are a step toward woolly mammoths  Inside the Wild West of AI companionship  At RightsCon in Taipei, activists reckon with a US retreat from promoting digital rights  10 Breakthrough Technologies 2025  3 things that didnt make the 10 Breakthrough Technologies of 2025 list  Fast-learning robots: 10 Breakthrough Technologies 2025  Green steel: 10 Breakthrough Technologies 2025  Small language models: 10 Breakthrough Technologies 2025  Stem-cell therapies that work: 10 Breakthrough Technologies 2025  OpenAI has created an AI model for longevity science  The second wave of AI coding is here  Whats next for AI in 2025  The foundations of Americas prosperity are being dismantled  OpenAI launches Operatoran agent that can use a computer for you  Why the next energy race is for underground hydrogen  How DeepSeek ripped up the AI playbookand why everyones going to follow its lead  Whats driving electricity demand? It isnt just AI and data centers. An AI chatbot told a user how to kill himselfbut the company doesnt want to censor it  Your boss is watching  The Relationships issue  The AI relationship revolution is already here  Adventures in the genetic time machine  Your boss is watching  Inside the strange limbo facing millions of IVF embryos  How to have a child in the digital age  Inside the Wild West of AI companionship  Deeper Learning  Bits and Bytes  AI means the end of internet search as weve known it  How the Ukraine-Russia war is reshaping the tech sector in Eastern Europe  Four Chinese AI startups to watch beyond DeepSeek  A new Microsoft chip could lead to more stable quantum computers  Mice with two dads have been created using CRISPR  We need to protect the protocol that runs Bluesky  Whats next for nuclear power  Whats next for AI in 2025  Whats next for our privacy? Why EVs are (mostly) set for solid growth in 2025  Whats next for NASAs giant moon rocket?

Whats next for drones  Whats next for MDMA  Whats next for bird flu vaccines  Whats next in chips  Whats next for generative video  Forging the digital future  More puzzles, less sleep  The cult of tech  How to build (and rebuild) with glass  Four 2024 Nobel winners have MIT ties  Solar-powered desalination  Smudge before flight  MITs (mostly) secret society  Building adventure  MIT Alumni News  Customizing generative AI for unique value  Innovators Under 35 2024  2024 Innovator of the Year: Shawn Shan builds tools to help artists fight back against exploitative AI  This company is building AI for African languages  Is robotics about to have its own ChatGPT moment? Heat-storing batteries are scaling up to solve one of climates dirtiest problems  Ready, set, grow: These are the biotech plants you can buy now The small Danish city of Odense has become known for collaborative robots. What will really matter in the long run? Thats the question we tackle each year as we compile this annual list.

The 2025 edition was published in January. Heres what wasn't on it. AI advances are rapidly speeding up the process of training robots, and helping them do new tasks almost instantly. Making steel produces a lot of greenhouse-gas emissions.

Now, construction is underway in Sweden on an industrial-scale plant that will emit almost zero carbon dioxide. Large language models unleashed the power of AI. Now its time for more efficient AIs to take over.

After years of controversy, stem cells are on the cusp of cures for conditions like epilepsy and type 1 diabetes. The company is making a foray into scientific discovery with an AI built to help manufacture stem cells. A string of startups are racing to build models that can produce better and better software.

They claim its the shortest path to AGI. You already know that agents and small language models are the next big things. Here are five other hot trends you should watch out for this year. Federal scientists warn that Americans could feel the effects of the new administration's devastating cuts for decades to come.

The announcement confirms one of two rumors that circled the internet this week. The other was about superintelligence. Hydrogen can be used in chemicals and as a green fuel.

Vast underground stores could help make it an economical option. The Chinese firm has pulled back the curtain to expose how the top labs may be building their next-generation models. Now things get interesting.

Three things to know about electricity in 2025. While Nomi's chatbot is not the first to suggest suicide, researchers and critics say that its explicit instructionsand the companys responseare striking. Monitoring technology is increasing the power imbalance between companies and workers. Protections lag far behind.

Chatbots are rapidly changing how we connect to each otherand ourselves. Were never going back. Ancient DNA is telling us more and more about humans and environments long past. Could it also help rescue the future?

Monitoring technology is increasing the power imbalance between companies and workers. Protections lag far behind. Frozen embryos are filling storage banks around the world. It's a struggle to know what to do with them.

In her new book, Second Life, journalist and culture critic Amanda Hess scrutinizes period-tracking apps, targeted ads, and birth myths that spread online. The latest from Last week, I made a troubling discovery about an AI companion site called Botify AI: It was hosting sexually charged conversations with underage celebrity bots. These bots took on characters meant to resemble, among others, Jenna Ortega as high schooler Wednesday Addams, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, and Millie Bobby Brown. I discovered these bots also offer to send hot photos and in some instances describe age-of-consent laws as arbitrary and meant to be broken.

Botify AI removed these bots after I asked questions about them, but others remain. The company said it does have filters in place meant to prevent such underage character bots from being created, but that they dont always work. Artem Rodichev, the founder and CEO of Ex-Human, which operates Botify AI, told me such issues are an industry-wide challenge affecting all conversational AI systems. For the details, which hadnt been previously reported, you should read the whole story.

Putting aside the fact that the bots I tested were promoted by Botify AI as featured characters and received millions of likes before being removed, Rodichevs response highlights something important. Despite their soaring popularity, AI companionship sites mostly operate in a Wild West, with few laws or even basic rules governing them. What exactly are these companions offering, and why have they grown so popular? People have been pouring out their feelings to AI since the days of Eliza, a mock psychotherapist chatbot built in the 1960s.

But its fair to say that the current craze for AI companions is different. Broadly, these sites offer an interface for chatting with AI characters that offer backstories, photos, videos, desires, and personality quirks. The companiesincluding Replika, Character.AI, and many othersoffer characters that can play lots of different roles for users, acting as friends, romantic partners, dating mentors, or confidants. Other companies enable you to build digital twins of real people.

Thousands of adult-content creators have created AI versions of themselves to chat with followers and send AI-generated sexual images 24 hours a day. Whether or not sexual desire comes into the equation, AI companions differ from your garden-variety chatbot in their promise, implicit or explicit, that genuine relationships can be had with AI. While many of these companions are offered directly by the companies that make them, theres also a burgeoning industry of licensed AI companions. You may start interacting with these bots sooner than you think.

Ex-Human, for example, licenses its models to Grindr, which is working on an AI wingman that will help users keep track of conversations and eventually may even date the AI agents of other users. Other companions are arising in video-game platforms and will likely start popping up in many of the varied places we spend time online. A number of criticisms, and even lawsuits, have been lodged against AI companionship sites, and were just starting to see how theyll play out. One of the most important issues is whether companies can be held liable for harmful outputs of the AI characters theyve made. Technology companies have been protected under Section 230 of the US Communications Act, which broadly holds that businesses arent liable for consequences of user-generated content.

But this hinges on the idea that companies merely offer platforms for user interactions rather than creating content themselves, a notion that AI companionship bots complicate by generating dynamic, personalized responses. The question of liability will be tested in a high-stakes lawsuit against Character.AI, which was sued in October by a mother who alleges that one of its chatbots played a role in the suicide of her 14-year-old son. A trial is set to begin in November 2026. (A Character.AI spokesperson, though not commenting on pending litigation, said the platform is for entertainment, not companionship. The spokesperson added that the company has rolled out new safety features for teens, including a separate model and new detection and intervention systems, as well as "disclaimers to make it clear that the Character is not a real person and should not be relied on as fact or advice.")

My colleague Eileen has also recently written about another chatbot on a platform called Nomi, which gave clear instructions to a user on how to kill himself. Another criticism has to do with dependency. Companion sites often report that young users spend one to two hours per day, on average, chatting with their characters. In January, concerns that people could become addicted to talking with these chatbots sparked a number of tech ethics groups to file a complaint against Replika with the Federal Trade Commission, alleging that the sites design choices deceive users into developing unhealthy attachments to software masquerading as a mechanism for human-to-human relationship.

It should be said that lots of people gain real value from chatting with AI, which can appear to offer some of the best facets of human relationshipsconnection, support, attraction, humor, love. But its not yet clear how these companionship sites will handle the risks of those relationships, or what rules they should be obliged to follow. More lawsuits-and, sadly, more real-world harmwill be likely before we get an answer. OpenAI released GPT-4.5 On Thursday OpenAI released its newest model, called GPT-4.5. It was built using the same recipe as its last models, but its essentially bigger (OpenAI says the model is its largest yet).

The company also claims its tweaked the new models responses to reduce the number of mistakes, or hallucinations. Why it matters: For a while, like other AI companies, OpenAI has chugged along releasing bigger and better large language models. But GPT-4.5 might be the last to fit this paradigm. Thats because of the rise of so-called reasoning models, which can handle more complex, logic-driven tasks step by step. OpenAI says all its future models will include reasoning components.

Though that will make for better responses, such models also require significantly more energy, according to early reports. Read more from Will Douglas Heaven. The small Danish city of Odense has become known for collaborative robots Robots designed to work alongside and collaborate with humans, sometimes called cobots, are not very popular in industrial settings yet.

Thats partially due to safety concerns that are still being researched. A city in Denmark is leading that charge. (MIT Technology Review) DOGE is working on software that automates the firing of government workers Software called AutoRIF, which stands for automated reduction in force, was built by the Pentagon decades ago. Engineers for DOGE are now working to retool it for their efforts, according to screenshots reviewed by Wired.

(Wired) Alibabas new video AI model has taken off in the AI porn community The Chinese tech giant has released a number of impressive AI models, particularly since the popularization of DeepSeek R1, a competitor from another Chinese company, earlier this year. Its latest open-source video generation model has found one particular audience: enthusiasts of AI porn. (404 Media) The AI Hype Index Wondering whether everything youre hearing about AI is more hype than reality?

To help, we just published our latest AI Hype Index, where we judge things like DeepSeek, stem-cell-building AI, and chatbot lovers on spectrums from Hype to Reality and Doom to Utopia. Check it out for a regular reality check. (MIT Technology Review) These smart cameras spot wildfires before they spread California is experimenting with AI-powered cameras to identify wildfires.

Its a popular application of video and image recognition technology that has advanced rapidly in recent years. The technology beats 911 callers about a third of the time and has spotted over 1,200 confirmed fires so far, the Wall Street Journal reports. (Wall Street Journal) Sign up to get The Algorithm weekly in your inbox.

Despite fewer clicks, copyright fights, and sometimes iffy answers, AI could unlock new ways to summon all the worlds knowledge. Startups in Latvia and other nearby countries see the mobilization of Ukraine as a warning and as inspiration. They are now changing consumer productsfrom scooters to recreational dronesfor use on the battlefield. These companies are all in a position to compete both within China and beyond.

The company says it is on track to build a new kind of machine based on topological qubits. Its a new way to create bi-paternal mice that can survive to adulthoodbut human applications are still a long way off. If we dont act soon, our online world will continue to be run at the whim of capricious billionaires.

MIT Technology Reviews Whats Next series looks across industries, trends, and technologies to give you a first look at the future. Global shifts, advancing tech, and data center demand: Heres whats coming in 2025 and beyond. You already know that agents and small language models are the next big things.

Here are five other hot trends you should watch out for this year. The US still has no federal privacy law. But recent enforcement actions against data brokers may offer some new protections for Americans personal information.

What happens in the US, however, will depend a lot on the incoming Trump administration. The Space Launch System is facing fresh calls for cancellation, but it still has a key role to play in NASAs return to the moon. Police drones, rapid deliveries of blood, tech-friendly regulations, and autonomous weapons are all signs that drone technology is changing quickly. The FDA is poised to approve the notorious party drug as a therapy. Heres what it means, and where similar drugs stand in the US.

If we want our vaccine production process to be more robust and faster, well have to stop relying on chicken eggs. How Big Tech, startups, AI devices, and trade wars will transform the way chips are made and the technologies they power. OpenAI's Sora has raised the bar for AI moviemaking. Here are four things to bear in mind as we wrap our heads around what's coming. All the latest from MIT Alumni News, the alumni magazine of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

As machine learning and generative AI reshape the world, MITs Schwarzman College of Computing is integrating these and other advanced computing technologies into classrooms and labs across campus. The annual three-day Mystery Hunt returns to campus January 17. Heres how last years puzzle marathon played out. Some technology companies have found manipulative ways to inspire irrational levels of devotion.

Should we be worried? MIT engineers have used 3D printing to create reusable glass bricks that withstand as much pressure as concrete blocks. The awards honor work on gene regulation and the relationship between political systems and economic growth.

A new system could make brackish groundwater drinkable at low cost in communities where seawater and grid power are limited. On MITs First Nations Launch team, embracing our cultural heritage makes us better engineers. Yale has Skull and Bones.

Dartmouth has Sphinx. Harvard has the Porcellian Club. And for more than half a century, MIT had Osiris. At East Campus, ambitious construction projects draw first-year students to the dorm each fall.

From the field: Top best practices and techniques In partnership withMicrosoft Azure Shan built Glaze and Nightshade, two tools that help artists protect their copyright. AI models cant understand African languages. Lelapa AI is trying to change that. Researchers are using generative AI and other techniques to teach robots new skillsincluding tasks they could perform in homes.

Starting next year, Antoras new manufacturing plant will produce modular thermal batteries to help decarbonize heavy industries. For 73, I bought genetically modified tomato seeds and a glowing petunia.