Top Stories  Todays Storystream  Most Popular  Just For You  Tech  Podcasts  Science  Split Fiction doesnt need to be original when the co-op play is this good  Instacart is getting restaurant delivery  thanks to Uber Eats  Creators  Entertainment  This is the title for the native ad Skype was once a pioneering VoIP service, but Microsoft effectively killed it 10 years ago. Feed refreshed 6 seconds ago XO MWC The unexploded bomb was discovered overnight in the Saint-Denis suburb of Paris during works on the tracks, halting the Eurostar and all other local trains at Gare du Nord, Frances busiest station. Impacted Eurostar travellers are being asked to move their journey to a different date. Old bombs like this are a regular discovery due to how often railyards in Paris were targeted during wartime, but theyre rarely uncovered in such a densely populated area.

[bbc.co.uk] The retro games becoming available to Switch Online members for March 2025 hail from the Game Boy library, and with Mar10 Day just around the corner, you can guess who is featured. Donkey Kong  Donkey Kong 94 starts with the arcade games four levels, then adds on 97 additional stages, while Marios Picross joins the SNES version that popped up in the Switch Online catalog a few years ago. The New York Times reports Trump signed an EO Thursday evening to establish a Strategic Bitcoin Reserve and a U.S. Digital Asset Stockpile consisting of crypto assets owned by the Treasury forfeited in criminal or civil cases.

In a video, the president prepared to sign as a voice offscreen called it like a digital Fort Knox for digital gold, however CoinDesk notes that not everyone in crypto feels like they got what they paid for yet, with one exec calling it the most underwhelming and disappointing outcome we could have expected for this week. [whitehouse.gov] As part of the DOGE-directed reshaping of the federal government, General Services Administration listed more than 400 federal properties designated for disposal earlier this week, before replacing them with a coming soon message. That could be because 14 of them were in a warehouse complex also housing the worst-kept secret in Springfield, a U-shaped building that Bloomberg Law says doesnt appear in federal property records but has long been associated with the Central Intelligence Agency.

Wired has more details. [wired.com] SpaceX recently listed some explanations for how its seventh Starship flight test ended, and now another report is coming. Flight 8s launch and Super Heavy booster rocket separation was successful, with the booster returning to the pad. However, before reaching the engine cutoff point nearly nine minutes into the flight, the Starship began to tumble, then exploded (according to SpaceX, ...experienced a rapid unscheduled disassembly and contact was lost) without attempting its planned payload deploy demo.

The resulting debris field caused the FAA to issue a ground stop order at several Florida airports until 8PM ET. The new State Department program, called Catch and Revoke, will use AI to review the social media accounts of tens of thousands of students who are in the US on visas, Axios reports. State Department sources tell Axios that officials plan on combing through internal databases to see if any international students were arrested in pro-Palestine demonstrations since October 2023  and that the department is working with the Department of Homeland Security to ensure a whole of government and whole of authority approach.

Rubio, the new Secretary of State, has been calling for the revocation of student visas for pro-Palestine protesters since October 2023. [axios.com] The company, called Dynatomics, aims to use large language models to create highly optimized designs for a wide variety of objects and then have a factory build them, according to a report from The Information. The team is reportedly led by Chris Anderson, who previously served as the CTO of Pages now-shuttered flying car startup Kitty Hawk. [theinformation.com] An Xbox Support page describes Bluetooth connectivity and performance with some older non-Xbox devices, that might result as a part of the 5.23.5.0 firmware, and sas owners can now revert the update, but thats about it. However, some gamers have been complaining for weeks of thumbstick issues, and Ive also noticed some odd behavior.

The controller customizers at Battle Beaver Customs said the update added a limitation to the max range of thumbstick values and a virtual dead zone, but Microsoft hasnt confirmed whether thats the issue its fixing. [support.xbox.com] Waymo has been testing the new vehicle for months now, but always with camouflage. Now it seems like the wrapping is coming off, thanks to this video captured by YouTube channel I Love Vehicles. As some Reddit users noted, the rear lidar in particular could prove tempting to folks looking to do some chin-ups.

Me? Im just amazed that Waymo is able to clear all the tariffs and restrictions on Chinese-made electric vehicles. Waymo says it doesnt expect to receive the bulk of deliveries from Zeekr until late 2025. Who knows what tariffs will be in place by then! Through an upcoming automatic software update, Victrola is expanding the wireless compatibility of its Works With Sonos turntables to include Bluetooth, Roon, and UPnP, allowing them to connect to other speakers and audio gear.

This functionality was already introduced in 2024 with the premium Victrola Stream Sapphire, but is now being added to its Stream Carbon, Stream Pearl, and Stream Onyx turntables, as spotted by Engadget. Volkswagen previewed its ultra-low cost 20,000 ID EVERY1 electric vehicle yesterday, but the press material didnt mention that its the first EV to launch with technology developed by Rivian, thanks to their 5.8 billion joint venture. Thankfully, TechCrunch got the inside info.

Notably, VWs 25,000 ID.2all, coming in 2026, will be built on E3 1.1 stack developed by VWs software unit Cariad. I find it very interesting that VW is tasking Rivian to develop a central nervous system for its cheapest model first. [techcrunch.com] In Government Cheese, Apples new comedy co-created by Paul Hunter and Aeysha Carr, an unusual family living in late 60s San Francisco find their lives turned upside down when the head of the house (David Oyelowo) is freed from a stint in prison. Hampton Chambers (Oyelowo) has a plan to make it big after he invents a new kind of self-sharpening drill, but the process of making his dreams real winds up being more convoluted than he could anticipate. The show debuts April 16th.

Photographer Charles Brooks is known for his captivating photos inside musical instruments, so Australias ANSTO invited him to capture the inside of a new part being installed on its synchotron particle accelerator. Brooks told PetaPixel that engineers had to test his Storz endoscopic lens for magnetism so it wouldnt get sucked into the machine. He used a focus stacking technique that merged 120 images to create a final composite photo that seems to go on forever. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime, you can claim games like Saints Row: The Third Remastered, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood, Deus Ex: Invisible War, and The Forgotten City this month as part of your subscription. Amazon has a full list of games available in a blog post.

There are rumors that Fujifilm will expand its medium format camera offerings with a fixed-lens compact GFX1000RF, akin an X100VI with a much larger 100-megapixel sensor. Fujifilm teased a new camera in the video for its upcoming X Summit, and Fujirumors has posted two leaked images showing more. It would likely cost much more than the popular and still-scarce X100VI, possibly competing more with the 6,300 full-frame Leica Q3. The news follows the January announcement that uBreakiFix will be able to do in-person Xbox Series X  S repairs.

[asurion.com] The circular account icon at the top right of the browser has been updated for Chrome Enterprise users. Companies can now add the workplace name beside their staffers user icon  making it easier to identify for people who jump between several Google accounts. While we wait for season 2 of The Last of Us on HBO (and maybe, but probably not, a third video game) Sony is putting out a new special edition PS5 controller. Its covered in TLOU iconography and launches on April 10th  just a few days before the show premieres.

Arianespace CEO Stéphane Israël has said that Ariane 6 is key to giving Europe an autonomous access to space, despite delays that pushed its debut from 2020 all the way to 2024. Now its made a second successful launch, with the VA 263 mission carrying CSO-3, an optical spy satellite for the French military. The CW canceled its live-action Powerpuff Girls adaptation starring Chloe Bennet as Blossom, Dove Cameron, as Bubbles, and Yana Perrault as Buttercup before the series ever got a chance to air.

Behind-the-scenes set photos have been floating around on the internet for years, but a full-on trailer showcasing what could have been was posted to YouTube on Thursday by Lost Media Busters. Update: The trailer has been yanked from YouTube and The Internet Archive, while currently there is still a snippet on Bluesky. Split Fiction, the new game from It Takes Two developer Hazelight Studios, launches today on Xbox, PlayStation, and PC. Because the game requires co-op play, Hazelight is bringing back the popular Friend Pass program.

With Friend Pass, if you own Split Fiction, you can invite a friend to play with you without needing to purchase a second copy of the game. Friend Pass is also cross-play enabled, making it easier than ever to find your Player 2. Big brands are advertising on X again, and some Senate Democrats are worried their return to the platform is due to coercion. In a letter addressed to Attorney General Pam Bondi, five Democratic Senators asked the DOJ to investigate whether Musk is using his influence to retaliate against companies that refuse to do business with his platform.

Musks role at DOGE, combined with his ownership of X and other businesses, amount to a significant conflict of interest, reads the letter obtained by the Wall Street Journal. The apparent attempt to strong-arm the federal government to advance his business dealings could violate federal ethics laws and, depending on the specific facts, the federal extortion statute. [wsj.com] The popular online grocer will now offer same-day delivery in New York City via Uber Eats, the companies announced today. Its the first time that Fresh Directs catalog will be available on a third-party app.

And it will provide Uber Eats more ammunition in its war against Amazon, Instacart, Walmart, and other players in the online grocery delivery space. Especially now as all those super-rapid venture-backed grocery delivery startups evaporated. The keyboard apps latest beta transforms its rectangular keys into... circles, as spotted earlier by Android Authority. It kind of looks like a digital version of Logitechs Pop Keys keyboard, which isnt all that pleasant to type on. Workers are now barred from browsing general news, online shopping, and sports websites on government devices, unless they get an exception for a legitimate business need, according to an email to SSA employees obtained by Rolling Stone.

Apparently this will help better protect the sensitive information entrusted to us in our many systems, which might include some of the same systems the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) has reportedly tried to access. [rollingstone.com] List items:  Login  Sign Up  Facebook  Threads  Instagram  Youtube  RSS  1Our first look at Apples sky blue MacBook AirAntonio G. Di BenedettoMar 6  2I wore a one-horsepower exoskeleton to the worlds biggest tech showSean HollisterMar 5  3The Volkswagen ID. EVERY1 is an affordable EV for the massesAndrew J. HawkinsMar 5  4What went wrong with Skype?Tom WarrenMar 6  5The Take It Down Act isnt a law, its a weaponAdi RobertsonMar 6  1Flying is still safe for now  but the FAA isntNilay PatelMar 6CommentsComment Icon Bubble  2The James Bond Cinematic UniverseDavid PierceMar 4CommentsComment Icon Bubble  3Amazons Panos Panay on the long road to Alexas AI overhaulNilay PatelMar 3CommentsComment Icon Bubble  4The high stakes for AI AlexaDavid PierceFeb 28CommentsComment Icon Bubble  5Understanding Elon Musks polarizing ascent in the MAGA movementAlex HeathFeb 27CommentsComment Icon Bubble

---

Tech  Latest In Tech  Most Popular  Installer  This is the title for the native ad The latest tech news about the worlds best (and sometimes worst) hardware, apps, and much more.

From top companies like Google and Apple to tiny startups vying for your attention, Verge Tech has the latest in what matters in technology daily. Two generations of Apple silicon, one computer. The time until your next turn and ETA are showing up in the status bar on Android 16 beta 2.1 Earlier this week, Donald Trump said DOGE is headed by Elon Musk, despite DOJ lawyers arguing he isnt its administrator or even an employee. Now Politico reports he told the top members of his administration that Musk was empowered to make recommendations to the departments but not to issue unilateral decisions on staffing and policy.

Of course, as CNN reports, Trump also told reporters later: Were going to be watching them, and Elon and the group are going to be watching them, and if they can cut, its better, Trump said. And if they dont cut, then Elon will do the cutting. SpaceX recently listed some explanations for how its seventh Starship flight test ended, and now another report is coming. Flight 8s launch and Super Heavy booster rocket separation was successful, with the booster returning to the pad. However, before reaching the engine cutoff point nearly nine minutes into the flight, the Starship began to tumble, then exploded (according to SpaceX, ...experienced a rapid unscheduled disassembly and contact was lost) without attempting its planned payload deploy demo.

The resulting debris field caused the FAA to issue a ground stop order at several Florida airports until 8PM ET. The new State Department program, called Catch and Revoke, will use AI to review the social media accounts of tens of thousands of students who are in the US on visas, Axios reports. State Department sources tell Axios that officials plan on combing through internal databases to see if any international students were arrested in pro-Palestine demonstrations since October 2023  and that the department is working with the Department of Homeland Security to ensure a whole of government and whole of authority approach. Rubio, the new Secretary of State, has been calling for the revocation of student visas for pro-Palestine protesters since October 2023.

[axios.com] The company, called Dynatomics, aims to use large language models to create highly optimized designs for a wide variety of objects and then have a factory build them, according to a report from The Information. The team is reportedly led by Chris Anderson, who previously served as the CTO of Pages now-shuttered flying car startup Kitty Hawk. [theinformation.com] Through an upcoming automatic software update, Victrola is expanding the wireless compatibility of its Works With Sonos turntables to include Bluetooth, Roon, and UPnP, allowing them to connect to other speakers and audio gear.

This functionality was already introduced in 2024 with the premium Victrola Stream Sapphire, but is now being added to its Stream Carbon, Stream Pearl, and Stream Onyx turntables, as spotted by Engadget. In Government Cheese, Apples new comedy co-created by Paul Hunter and Aeysha Carr, an unusual family living in late 60s San Francisco find their lives turned upside down when the head of the house (David Oyelowo) is freed from a stint in prison. Hampton Chambers (Oyelowo) has a plan to make it big after he invents a new kind of self-sharpening drill, but the process of making his dreams real winds up being more convoluted than he could anticipate. The show debuts April 16th. Photographer Charles Brooks is known for his captivating photos inside musical instruments, so Australias ANSTO invited him to capture the inside of a new part being installed on its synchotron particle accelerator.

Brooks told PetaPixel that engineers had to test his Storz endoscopic lens for magnetism so it wouldnt get sucked into the machine. He used a focus stacking technique that merged 120 images to create a final composite photo that seems to go on forever. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime, you can claim games like Saints Row: The Third Remastered, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood, Deus Ex: Invisible War, and The Forgotten City this month as part of your subscription. Amazon has a full list of games available in a blog post. There are rumors that Fujifilm will expand its medium format camera offerings with a fixed-lens compact GFX1000RF, akin an X100VI with a much larger 100-megapixel sensor.

Fujifilm teased a new camera in the video for its upcoming X Summit, and Fujirumors has posted two leaked images showing more. It would likely cost much more than the popular and still-scarce X100VI, possibly competing more with the 6,300 full-frame Leica Q3. The circular account icon at the top right of the browser has been updated for Chrome Enterprise users. Companies can now add the workplace name beside their staffers user icon  making it easier to identify for people who jump between several Google accounts. Big brands are advertising on X again, and some Senate Democrats are worried their return to the platform is due to coercion.

In a letter addressed to Attorney General Pam Bondi, five Democratic Senators asked the DOJ to investigate whether Musk is using his influence to retaliate against companies that refuse to do business with his platform. Musks role at DOGE, combined with his ownership of X and other businesses, amount to a significant conflict of interest, reads the letter obtained by the Wall Street Journal. The apparent attempt to strong-arm the federal government to advance his business dealings could violate federal ethics laws and, depending on the specific facts, the federal extortion statute.

[wsj.com] The keyboard apps latest beta transforms its rectangular keys into... circles, as spotted earlier by Android Authority. It kind of looks like a digital version of Logitechs Pop Keys keyboard, which isnt all that pleasant to type on. Workers are now barred from browsing general news, online shopping, and sports websites on government devices, unless they get an exception for a legitimate business need, according to an email to SSA employees obtained by Rolling Stone. Apparently this will help better protect the sensitive information entrusted to us in our many systems, which might include some of the same systems the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) has reportedly tried to access. [rollingstone.com] The DIY home security company launched the new app today and expanded its Android TV app.

Users can now arm and disarm their Abode system from their TV, view live video feeds from up to four cameras, see recorded clips, and control devices through quick actions. Some Abode systems and cameras are Apple Home compatible, so they could already be controlled on Apple TV via the Home app, but this dedicated app expands the functionality to all Abode systems. The FAA is dealing with crashes, layoffs, and outdated tech. Now Elon Musk wants in. The 249.99 Shark TurboBlade fan has a feature you wont find on Dysons bladeless tower fans.

Its design features a pair of vents that can be independently adjusted to send air to both sides of a room. The oscillating vents can also be oriented horizontally or vertically, but the best feature might be a sleep mode that dims status lights, mutes chimes, and reduces the fan speed for quieter operation over night. It turns out it takes a little Fortran to make a faster Corvette.

A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verges universe. List items:  Login  Sign Up  Facebook  Threads  Instagram  Youtube  RSS  Our first look at Apples sky blue MacBook AirVideo  I wore a one-horsepower exoskeleton to the worlds biggest tech show  The Volkswagen ID. EVERY1 is an affordable EV for the masses  What went wrong with Skype? The Take It Down Act isnt a law, its a weapon

---

Reviews  Deals  Buying Guides  Latest In Reviews  Skylight Calendars new AI tool helped tame my familys busy schedules  Most Popular  Installer  This is the title for the native ad Looking to buy your next phone, laptop, headphones, or other tech gear? Or maybe you just want to know all of the details about the latest products from Apple, Samsung, Google, and many others.

The Verge Reviews is the place for all of that and more. Whether youre looking for buying advice, how to use products you already own, or the best deals on products weve tested and used ourselves and can recommend, you neednt look any further. 7 Verge Score Apples tablet lineup is more complex than ever  but picking the iPad to buy might be simpler than expected. Heres how to choose the one for you.

7 Verge Score 6 Verge Score 7 Verge Score 6 Verge Score Samsung Displays bendy concept displays are always stunning, if not always practical. But rather than debate just how many compromises a foldable portable would require, or how pricy it might be, I choose to bask in its prototype glory! Find more wacky Samsung Displays like the flexible briefcase in Allisons whole story and her larger video.

Did they rebuild me better, stronger, faster? Not exactly! As I explain in my full story, the Hypershell Pro X made me feel like I had an extra energy tank, like the ones exosuit-wearing bounty hunter Samus Aran obtains in the Metroid games.

Oh, and it works when youre riding a bicycle, too! The RTX 5070 is a solid card for 1440p gaming, though. 7 Verge Score Travel bag or photo workstation, you choose. 8 Verge Score The niche gaming tablet makes the switch to integrated graphics and, amazingly, is better for it. 8 Verge Score So easy to use youll take it everywhere, but it cant stream services like Netflix or Amazon Prime.

8 Verge Score The wait was worth it thanks to a host of smart updates to sound and fit. I guess heart rate monitoring is there, too. 7 Verge Score After three years, the hunt for my perfect foundation shade is finally over. 6 Verge Score The company goes legit with a European lineup that cant be hacked. 7 Verge Score A basic iPhone for unfussy people.

Can Framework fix budget laptops next? Thats the goal, and Framework CEO Nirav Patel says hell be dogfooding it himself, making this 12-inch laptop his daily driver for the foreseeable future. He wouldnt tell me just how budget itll go yet.

Its a watch. Its a ring. Its more jewelry than either, and thats what makes it special.

4 Verge Score Wrong price, wrong guts. 7 Verge Score A giant battery-powered dual-zone refrigerator  freezer on wheels. Right after I published this review, the price increased to 79 from 39.

Thats a big jump. While optional, the subscription adds the Sidekick feature, which I found very useful, so Ive updated the review with my thoughts. The company says it will honor the old price for current users, that the new price reflects the full suite of new features it has added to Plus, and that it will continue investing in Plus through new features and expanding Sidekick. Its the DJI Osmo Mobile 7 Pro.

Personally, I prefer the Osmo Pocket 3s dedicated camera instead of slapping my smartphone on a stick, but these hidden legs, arm, and snap-on eye are all pretty cool! 7 Verge Score An AI-powered Sidekick kicks this smart calendar display up a gear. 8 Verge Score The thinnest foldable in the world might mark the start of diminishing returns. The RTX 5070 Ti delivers almost identical performance to the RTX 4080 with slightly less power draw.

Amazons now rolling out all the latest Kindle Scribe AI features to 2024 and 2022 Scribe owners in the UK, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia. As I wrote in my review, the AI features are the 2024 Scribes most notable upgrade as they let you directly annotate a wider range of Kindle ebook pages. The news comes a couple of weeks after Amazon also started letting users scribble down notes in expandable margins. 8 Verge Score Three-way multipoint, even better sound, and a more comfortable design make these appealing if youre willing to splurge. 4 Verge Score A capable Lunar Lake chipset and great screen would have made this a killer laptop, if it werent for several unforced errors on Dells part.

8 Verge Score Theres something very familiar about this years S-series phones. 8 Verge Score Basically a Teenage Engineering greatest hits compilation. A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verges universe. List items:  Login  Sign Up  Facebook  Threads  Instagram  Youtube  RSS  Accessory Reviews  Phone Reviews  Laptop Reviews  Headphone Reviews  Smart Home Reviews  Smartwatch Reviews  Console Reviews  Tablet Reviews  Speaker Reviews  Our first look at Apples sky blue MacBook AirVideo  I wore a one-horsepower exoskeleton to the worlds biggest tech show  The Volkswagen ID. EVERY1 is an affordable EV for the masses  What went wrong with Skype?

The Take It Down Act isnt a law, its a weapon