Russia carries out massive missile and drone attack on energy targets, Ukraine says  Paris Gare du Nord trains halted after WW2 bomb found  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  US lost a fifth of its butterflies within two decades  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Paris Gare du Nord trains halted after WW2 bomb found  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  SpaceX rocket explodes, raining debris from sky for second time in a row  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Players union welcomes life ban for Gabon football coach over sexual abuse  Pelicots' daughter presses charges against father jailed in mass rape case  Five jailed over plot to kidnap German minister  Features  As US and Canada trade barbs, it's so far so good for Mexico's Sheinbaum  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  Stripes and shades: Africa's top shots  Flames, feathers and fangs: Rio Carnival parade in pictures  WatchListen  Watch: SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  'You literally cannot see' - blizzard causes chaos in Iowa  Listen: Pope Francis shares voice message from hospital  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Latest updates  Paris Gare du Nord trains halted after WW2 bomb found  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  UK's Eurovision Song Contest hopefuls revealed  Stripes and shades: Africa's top shots  Trump declares March 'Irish-American Heritage Month'  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Paralysed man gets 'second chance at life' following surgery  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional. The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December.

Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. A 17-year-old has been charged after being detained by crew and members of the public on a plane in Australia.

Patrick Assoumou Eyi has been found guilty of sexually abusing multiple young footballers. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her. The group wanted to create civil war-like conditions in Germany and overthrow the government. Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House.

Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Crowds filled the Sambadrome to watch samba schools face off at Rio Carnival.

The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster. The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow.

The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel. The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled.

It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. Female harmony group Remember Monday will fly the flag with their song What The Hell Just Happened. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond.

Signing the proclamation on Thursday, Trump says the Irish are "great people". A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional. Yousaf Ghaffar is now able to stand and walk about 400 steps after spinal surgery. Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch.

A 17-year-old has been charged after being detained by crew and members of the public on a plane in Australia. Patrick Assoumou Eyi has been found guilty of sexually abusing multiple young footballers. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her. The group wanted to create civil war-like conditions in Germany and overthrow the government. Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House.

Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Crowds filled the Sambadrome to watch samba schools face off at Rio Carnival. The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster.

The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel.

The unexploded bomb was found on tracks near the station, with all Paris trains, plus Eurostar to Brussels, cancelled. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind.

Female harmony group Remember Monday will fly the flag with their song What The Hell Just Happened. A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Signing the proclamation on Thursday, Trump says the Irish are "great people". A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional.

Yousaf Ghaffar is now able to stand and walk about 400 steps after spinal surgery. Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. List items:  Home  News  Israel-Gaza War  War in Ukraine  US  Canada  UK  UK Politics  England  N. Ireland  N. Ireland Politics  Scotland  Scotland Politics  Wales  Wales Politics  Africa  Asia  China  India  Australia  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  In Pictures  BBC InDepth  BBC Verify  Sport  Business  Executive Lounge  Technology of Business  Future of Business  Innovation  Technology  Science  Health  Artificial Intelligence  AI v the Mind  Culture  Film  TV  Music  Art  Design  Style  Books  Entertainment News  Arts  Arts in Motion  Travel  Destinations  Africa  Antarctica  Asia  Australia and Pacific  Caribbean  Bermuda  Central America  Europe  Middle East  North America  South America  Worlds Table  Culture  Experiences  Adventures  The SpeciaList  Earth  Natural Wonders  Weather  Science  Climate Solutions  Sustainable Business  Green Living  Audio  Podcasts  Radio  Audio FAQs  Video  Live  Live News  Live Sport

---

EU agrees to boost defence spending  How North Korean hackers launched history's biggest heist  Heart and Soul: The race to break the glass  Business Daily meets: The women of heavy industry  Xi Jinping takes the trade war to Iowa  Euro Leagues: Great goalkeepers, an inspired Isco  Sociedad weather  Boxing Sisters: Yazidi women boxing back to health  Von der Leyen: 'Europe is at a watershed'  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  Russia carries out massive missile and drone attack on energy targets, Ukraine says  Eurostar services from Paris cancelled for rest of the day after WW2 bomb found  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  'We can't even step outside': Afghan women tell us what life is like under Taliban rule  SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Only from the BBC  How fire changed Notre-Dames unique voice  Why a poem outraged 1980s Britain  More news  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Must watch  'You literally cannot see': Blizzard causes chaos in Iowa  Why drinking coffee can benefit your health  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  Listen: Pope Francis shares voice message from hospital  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Moment Blue Ghost spacecraft landed on the Moon  Moment falling tree narrowly misses pedestrians  Moment Democrat Al Green sings to protest his censure  Climate Solutions  What's the most sustainable period product? Travel  Japan's spectacular island-hopping bike trail  Audio  Global News Podcast  The Global Story  The Documentary Podcast  Business Daily  The Global Story  Football Daily  The Documentary Podcast  Global News Podcast  US  Canada news  Pamela Bach, Baywatch and Knight Rider star, dies aged 62  California governor says trans athletes in female sports 'deeply unfair'  Adnan Syed will not serve more jail time in Serial podcast murder case  SpaceX rocket explodes, raining debris from sky for second time in a row  Israel-Gaza war  US and Israel reject Arab alternative to Trump's Gaza plan  Gaza food prices soar after Israel halts aid deliveries  University condemns Palestine Action paint protest  Trump issues 'last warning' to Hamas as US confirms direct hostage talks  War in Ukraine  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Aid worker in Ukraine survives hotel missile strike  About 20 countries could join Ukraine coalition, UK says  Zelensky hopes US-Ukraine talks next week will be 'meaningful'  Sport  The lost wonderkid, street football  the Maradona giving him hope  'Calm down, it's not over', Mourinho warns Rangers  What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull?

Premier League news conferences, build-up and team news - Mitoma fit for Brighton  Video  The unique mammal that gives birth unlike any other  Business  Jack Daniel's hits out at Canada pulling US alcohol  As US and Canada trade barbs, it's so far so good for Mexico's Sheinbaum  Boots gets new US owner in multi-billion dollar deal  Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve? Tech  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  Deep-sea mining tech advances but doubts remain  Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve? Are Scottish students using AI to cheat their way to a degree?

Science  health  The NHS is spending a fortune giving people a death they don't want  Mhairi Black: I was flailing in life until ADHD diagnosis  Newly discovered part of immune system could unlock wealth of antibiotics  Genetic drive to overeat found in labradors and humans  Culture  Brit Awards prompt 825 complaints about music stars to Ofcom  Roy Ayers, Everybody Loves the Sunshine musician, dies at 84  Olivia Rodrigo and The 1975 to headline Glastonbury festival  The King reveals his playlist, from Marley to Kylie  Discover more from the BBC  Tech Decoded  Download the BBC app  US Politics Unspun  Register for a BBC account  Subscribe to the Essential List  Sign up to News Briefing  Arts  Eight portraits found hidden inside masterpieces  The troubled history of the Sydney Opera House  Banksy take on Vettriano work sells for 4.3m  Did a gay affair stir a 14th-Century royal crisis? Travel  A 300km hike into Sri Lanka's lush Highlands  The Irish island where you go to disconnect  Beads in sewers, trash in trees: Can Mardi Gras go 'green'? The most beautiful cake for Ramadan  Earth  Meet the bison who are vaccinating themselves  Australia's central east coast braces for cyclone  The world's strongest ocean current is at risk of failing  US lost a fifth of its butterflies within two decades  Future Planet  The bugs transforming food waste into fertiliser  The rewilded golf courses turned into a nature 'microcosm'  The ex-fracking site tapped for underground heat  Why Vermont farmers are using urine on their crops It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December.

Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago.

It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. Police have blocked rail services to and from Gare du Nord after an unexploded device was found on the tracks in the Saint-Denis district. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame.

The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government. The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster. Performers and visitors to the famous gothic cathedral in the midst of the River Seine may find some subtle differences to the way sound bounces around its walls.

Forty years ago, English poet Harrison published a powerful work inspired by vandalised gravestones in his hometown Leeds. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. Coffee was once believed to be bad for our health, but research suggests it can actually benefit us. The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media.

The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel. Newly released footage shows Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost making the second-ever commercial moon landing.

Three people narrowly escaped a falling tree that crashed onto a sidewalk in Brooklyn, New York. Green and fellow Democrats began singing after the House voted to censure the Texas congressman over his Trump speech disruption. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. The president also appeared to threaten civilians in Gaza, saying they would be "dead" if they held hostages. The talks in Saudi Arabia come as both sides seek to heal a rift after presidents Zelensky and Trump clashed in public.

All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. More than 600 Scottish students have been accused of misusing AI during part of their studies, according to a BBC FOI.

Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. King Charles III is launching a personal playlist of music from the Commonwealth that lifts his sprits. Get timely, trusted tech news from BBC correspondents around the world, every Monday and Friday.

Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices. No noise. No agenda. Just expert analysis of the issues that matter most from Anthony Zurcher, every Wednesday. Don't have time to read everything right now?

Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later. The weeks best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday. News and expert analysis for every schedule.

Get the morning and evening editions of our flagship newsletter in your inbox. A new revival of Christopher Marlowe's pioneering play about the 14th-Century King of England puts the spotlight back on his relationship with his male "favourite" Piers Gaveston. Kek lapis is a sublime art form, involving numerous colours and flavours commingling into an oh-so-soft and delicious cake that hides a kaleidoscope of intricate geometric patterns. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken.

Urine was used as fertiliser in ancient Rome and China. Now farmers in Vermont are bringing this practice back to boost harvests and grow crops in a more sustainable way. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago.

It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. Trump said he was granting the two US neighbours a temporary exemption on tariffs that he imposed two days ago. It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. Police have blocked rail services to and from Gare du Nord after an unexploded device was found on the tracks in the Saint-Denis district.

As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government. The eight Starship test flight from Elon Musk's private space company did result in another successful catch of the rocket booster. Performers and visitors to the famous gothic cathedral in the midst of the River Seine may find some subtle differences to the way sound bounces around its walls.

Forty years ago, English poet Harrison published a powerful work inspired by vandalised gravestones in his hometown Leeds. A powerful winter storm has hit parts of the US midwest with strong winds and heavy snow. Coffee was once believed to be bad for our health, but research suggests it can actually benefit us. The video apparently satirising a proposal to "take over" the Gaza Strip was shared by the US president on social media.

The 88-year-old had not been seen or heard by the public since he was admitted to hospital on 14 February. BBC Verify's Nick Eardley takes a look at verified footage and images from a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian hotel. Newly released footage shows Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost making the second-ever commercial moon landing.

Three people narrowly escaped a falling tree that crashed onto a sidewalk in Brooklyn, New York. Green and fellow Democrats began singing after the House voted to censure the Texas congressman over his Trump speech disruption. It grounded flights in Orlando, Miami and Palm Beach after debris concerns from Starship's failed launch. The president also appeared to threaten civilians in Gaza, saying they would be "dead" if they held hostages. The talks in Saudi Arabia come as both sides seek to heal a rift after presidents Zelensky and Trump clashed in public.

All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. More than 600 Scottish students have been accused of misusing AI during part of their studies, according to a BBC FOI. Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. King Charles III is launching a personal playlist of music from the Commonwealth that lifts his sprits.

Get timely, trusted tech news from BBC correspondents around the world, every Monday and Friday. Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices. No noise. No agenda. Just expert analysis of the issues that matter most from Anthony Zurcher, every Wednesday.

Don't have time to read everything right now? Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later. The weeks best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday.

News and expert analysis for every schedule. Get the morning and evening editions of our flagship newsletter in your inbox. A new revival of Christopher Marlowe's pioneering play about the 14th-Century King of England puts the spotlight back on his relationship with his male "favourite" Piers Gaveston. Kek lapis is a sublime art form, involving numerous colours and flavours commingling into an oh-so-soft and delicious cake that hides a kaleidoscope of intricate geometric patterns.

However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. Urine was used as fertiliser in ancient Rome and China. Now farmers in Vermont are bringing this practice back to boost harvests and grow crops in a more sustainable way.

List items:  Home  News  Israel-Gaza War  War in Ukraine  US  Canada  UK  UK Politics  England  N. Ireland  N. Ireland Politics  Scotland  Scotland Politics  Wales  Wales Politics  Africa  Asia  China  India  Australia  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  In Pictures  BBC InDepth  BBC Verify  Sport  Business  Executive Lounge  Technology of Business  Future of Business  Innovation  Technology  Science  Health  Artificial Intelligence  AI v the Mind  Culture  Film  TV  Music  Art  Design  Style  Books  Entertainment News  Arts  Arts in Motion  Travel  Destinations  Africa  Antarctica  Asia  Australia and Pacific  Caribbean  Bermuda  Central America  Europe  Middle East  North America  South America  Worlds Table  Culture  Experiences  Adventures  The SpeciaList  Earth  Natural Wonders  Weather  Science  Climate Solutions  Sustainable Business  Green Living  Audio  Podcasts  Radio  Audio FAQs  Video  Live  Live News  Live Sport

---

Russia carries out massive missile and drone attack on energy targets, Ukraine says  'We can't even step outside': Afghan women tell us what life is like under Taliban rule  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Students now free to choose their hairstyles, Thai court rules  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  'We can't even step outside': Afghan women tell us what life is like under Taliban rule  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  Eurostar services from Paris cancelled for rest of the day after WW2 bomb found  Watch: SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Pamela Bach, Baywatch and Knight Rider star, dies aged 62  More to explore  As US and Canada trade barbs, it's so far so good for Mexico's Sheinbaum  France has a nuclear umbrella. Could its European allies fit under it? Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve?

Can Trump's tariffs break China's grip on manufacturing? Boom to gloom: India middle-class jitters amid trillion-dollar market rout  France has a nuclear umbrella. Could its European allies fit under it? Weekly quiz: Anora cleaned up but who left the Oscars empty-handed?

The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  Why did Trump just establish a crypto strategic reserve? Most watched  Watch: SpaceX rocket spins out of control in test flight failure  Creator of viral AI Trump Gaza video warns of possible dangers  'You literally cannot see' - blizzard causes chaos in Iowa  Analysing Russian strike on Ukrainian hotel  Listen: Pope Francis shares voice message from hospital  Also in news  Genetic drive to overeat found in labradors and humans  Jack Daniel's hits out at Canada pulling US alcohol  Private spacecraft lands on Moon - but may be on its side  US lost a fifth of its butterflies within two decades  Pelicots' daughter presses charges against father jailed in mass rape case  Jack Daniel's hits out at Canada pulling US alcohol  Hunter Biden says he can't afford to continue laptop-related lawsuit  About 20 countries could join Ukraine coalition, UK says  Private spacecraft lands on Moon - but may be on its side  Most read  Trump expands exemptions from Canada and Mexico tariffs  'Scary' tropical Cyclone Alfred nears Queensland  Sweden is 'no longer a country that cannot be trusted'  SpaceX rocket explodes, raining debris from sky for second time in a row  Dozens killed in clashes between Syrian forces and Assad loyalists  The Indian film showing the bride's 'humiliation' in arranged marriage  Lady Gaga: My biggest fear? Being alone  Teen armed with gun overpowered by passengers onboard plane  Former Liverpool mayor charged with bribery  The 'traitor' at the heart of South Korea's impeachment drama  Sport  Premier League news conferences, build-up and team news - Mitoma fit for Brighton  What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull?

Zirkzee scores but Man Utd held by Real Sociedad  Chelsea edge out Copenhagen to take control of last-16 tie  Littler triumphs as Brighton sees two nine-darters  What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull? 'Calm down, it's not over', Mourinho warns Rangers  The lost wonderkid, street football  the Maradona giving him hope  Zirkzee scores but Man Utd held by Real Sociedad It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government.

Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December.

The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government. Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage.

Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House. President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House.

The "Made in China" juggernaut was built over decades. Can Trump's moves set it back? One in five Indian households invest in the stock market, but the recent crash has left investors anxious.

President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. How much attention did you pay to what has been going on in the world over the past seven days? Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him.

The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House. Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface.

However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken. Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs. He told a court he's been displaced by LA fires, struggles to earn an income, and is millions of dollars in debt.

The countries, largely from Europe and the Commonwealth, would not all send troops but are offering support. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface. All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win.

Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future. Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance. Conference League favourites Chelsea take control of their last-16 tie against Copenhagen with a narrow first-leg win in Denmark.

Luke Littler wins night five of the Premier League in Brighton on an evening which sees two nine-dart finishes. Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future. After watching Fenerbahce burgled in their own home by Rangers, Jose Mourinho goes on the offensive. The lost wonderkid who was once Jude Bellingham's roomate and found salvation in street football, now a Maradona is giving him hope.

Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance. It comes as Ukraine's President Zelensky says he is hopeful of "meaningful" talks with the US in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government.

Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. A 50-year-old directive that policed students' hairstyles was found to be unconstitutional. It is the worst violence in Syria since rebels toppled Bashar al-Assad in December. The BBC is spending the day with women across Afghanistan to understand what their lives look like under the Taliban government.

Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. As she returns to pop with her seventh album, Mayhem, Lady Gaga reflects on the loneliness of fame. Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage.

Four million people are in the firing line - but some surfers have been throwing caution to the wind. Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau's clear tensions are a stark contrast to the Mexican leader's approach to the White House. President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House.

The "Made in China" juggernaut was built over decades. Can Trump's moves set it back? One in five Indian households invest in the stock market, but the recent crash has left investors anxious.

President Macron has aired the idea that France's deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. How much attention did you pay to what has been going on in the world over the past seven days? Once a close ally of President Yoon Suk-Yeol, Han tells the BBC how and why he turned against him. The reserve will hold cryptocurrency forfeited to the government in criminal or civil proceedings, said the White House.

Scientists have found a genetic cause of many labradors' - and some people's - tendency to overeat. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface. However the researchers say butterflies may be able to recover if urgent conservation measures are taken.

Caroline Darian - who says she is her father's "forgotten victim" - is convinced he drugged and raped her. Some Canadian provinces have removed US-made alcohol from shelves in response to US tariffs. He told a court he's been displaced by LA fires, struggles to earn an income, and is millions of dollars in debt. The countries, largely from Europe and the Commonwealth, would not all send troops but are offering support. Private company Intuitive Machines IS aiming to look for water ice on the Moon's surface.

All the latest football news and European reaction as Manchester United draw, Tottenham Hotspur lose while Chelsea and Rangers win. Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future. Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance.

Conference League favourites Chelsea take control of their last-16 tie against Copenhagen with a narrow first-leg win in Denmark. Luke Littler wins night five of the Premier League in Brighton on an evening which sees two nine-dart finishes. Red Bull won the past four drivers' titles through Max Verstappen but they head into the 2025 season with a number of questions surrounding their future. After watching Fenerbahce burgled in their own home by Rangers, Jose Mourinho goes on the offensive.

The lost wonderkid who was once Jude Bellingham's roomate and found salvation in street football, now a Maradona is giving him hope. Joshua Zirkzee scores his first goal in Europe for Manchester United but the Red Devils are held to a draw by Real Sociedad to leave their Europa League last-16 tie in the balance. List items:  Home  News  Israel-Gaza War  War in Ukraine  US  Canada  UK  UK Politics  England  N. Ireland  N. Ireland Politics  Scotland  Scotland Politics  Wales  Wales Politics  Africa  Asia  China  India  Australia  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  In Pictures  BBC InDepth  BBC Verify  Sport  Business  Executive Lounge  Technology of Business  Future of Business  Innovation  Technology  Science  Health  Artificial Intelligence  AI v the Mind  Culture  Film  TV  Music  Art  Design  Style  Books  Entertainment News  Arts  Arts in Motion  Travel  Destinations  Africa  Antarctica  Asia  Australia and Pacific  Caribbean  Bermuda  Central America  Europe  Middle East  North America  South America  Worlds Table  Culture  Experiences  Adventures  The SpeciaList  Earth  Natural Wonders  Weather  Science  Climate Solutions  Sustainable Business  Green Living  Audio  Podcasts  Radio  Audio FAQs  Video  Live  Live News  Live Sport

====================

Foreign Policy Magazine - home page  There appears to be a technical issue with your browser  TRUMPS SECOND TERM: FPs ongoing updates  Primary featured article section  Recent  Sign up for Latin America Brief  U.S.-Europe Tensions  Asia  the Pacific  China  Middle East  Africa  Europe  Americas  In the Magazine  FP Weekend  Trumps Second Term  FP Live Events  FP Insider logo Subscribe for access to exclusive articles, insights, and more  Subscribers Picks  Understand what's next  Books  In Case You Missed It  Trending  Visual Stories  Latest  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Can Latin America Find Consensus in the Age of Trump?

Get Latin America Brief in your inbox  China Is Exploiting Americas Social Divisions  Who Will Rule Over Gaza After the War? The New Gold Rush  Three Years On, Whats Next for Europe and Ukraine? Trump and Zelenskys Week of Whiplash  What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions  Europes Looming Guns vs.

Butter Decision  Europe Is Now Led by Its North  Europe Gets Serious About Defense Thanks to Trumps Retreat  Note to Europe: Stay Calm and Dont Retaliate  Does India Have a Diplomatic Role in Ukraine? Nuclear Power Is the Cuckoo in the Climate Policy Nest  Containment Cant Win the U.S.-China Tech Race Alone  Myanmar Knows Xis World Order Is a Con  Another High-Ranking Chinese Official Falls  As Trump Abandons Allies, How Will China Respond? Trumps Europe Shock Creates an Opening for China  Xi Sends Message to Chinas Private Sector  Senegal Makes Peace With Separatists  Gaza Is the Land of No Good Options  Rwandas Attack on Congo Could Plunge Africa Into War  South Africa VAT Spat Delays Budget  Can Trumps 5 Percent Defense Spending Threshold Save NATO?

Europe Should Make a 200 Billion Deal With Trump  Ukraines Minerals Wont Solve U.S. Supply Chain Problems  Read Trump and Zelenskys Fiery Oval Office Exchange  Why Are We Surprised by the Trump-Putin Alliance? Who Will Protect the Earths Defenders? How Trump Is Killing the U.S. Defense Industry  Trump Can Make a Deal to Save Americas Auto Industry  America Is Locked in a New Class War  Trump Is Ushering In a More Transactional World  Why Bidens Foreign Policy Fell Short  Isolationism Wont Make Anyone Great Again  Does the Madman Theory Actually Work? How the Bulldozer Became a Symbol of Modis India  Shooting an Elephant in Botswana  The Cartography of Grievance  September 5 and the Pitfalls of German Idealism  The Forgotten Bombing  Updates on Trade, U.S.-Ukraine Tensions  Could Trumps Favorite Word Double as Climate Policy?

Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  Trumps Angry Meeting With Zelensky Prompts Reactions Worldwide  Trumps Pick for Key Pentagon Role Faces Off With GOP Hawks  Will Trump Try to Tip the Scales in Latin America? How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Join in-depth conversations and interact with foreign-policy experts. Upcoming  Past  Insider Access  About  50 Days of Trump  A Short History of Brutalist Architecture  The Rise and Fall of Human Rights  An Extraordinary Act of Extortion  Samuel Huntington Is Getting His Revenge  The Perils of a Reality TV Presidency  Three Years On, Whats Next for Europe and Ukraine? Trumps New Map  Dont cloud your understanding of complex geopolitical news.

Foreign Policy provides insightful analysis by world leaders, decision-makers and top experts. Unlock full coverage today. Is Protest Dead? A Hopeful Pope Francis Wont Be Silenced  How Gaza Shattered the Wests Mythology  Americas Economic Warfare Is Sowing Its Own Demise  The Novels Were Reading in February  The Clash Over Civilizations  How Great-Power Rivalry Hurts Ordinary Americans  A selection of paywall-free articles  Americas Zero-Sum Economics Doesnt Add Up  A New Multilateralism  Asian Powers Set Their Strategic Sights on Europe  A Day Inside Putins Surreal Television Empire  The China-Russia Axis Takes Shape  No, the World Is Not Multipolar  6 Swing States Will Decide the Future of Geopolitics  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  How Trump Is Killing the U.S. Defense Industry  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  What Is Americas China Policy? How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Read Trump and Zelenskys Fiery Oval Office Exchange  What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions  The Mood on the Front Line, Three Years On  How Tourism Trapped Tibet  Can Latin America Find Consensus in the Age of Trump?

China Is Exploiting Americas Social Divisions  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red Trumps approach of seeking a deal at any cost imperils the security of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea region. A strategy of targeted engagement, rather than returning to maximum pressure, could foster a genuine democratic transition. Trade wars, rising prices, falling confidence, and sinking stock markets are not what Wall Street or Main Street voted for. While U.S. allies worry, other states would welcome better great-power relations.

By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Signed Up    Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Money and education no longer explain voting patterns.

Countries and companies with clout might thrive. The rest, not so much. Trophy hunting is uncomfortable for some in the West but a lifeline for many locals. FPs ongoing updates from staff and contributors. Ian Bremmer joins FP Live to assess Donald Trumps second term as president.

At the 50-day mark, are we seeing clear contours of a... READ MORE Ask a Question Ask a Question Registered Ask a Question Ask a Question  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN    The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature.

The Trump-Zelensky shouting match is a reminder that international diplomacy was never meant to be carried out in front of billions of eyes. Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Americas first post-literate president has only geography to fall back on. Why global resistance movements have failed and where they go from here. Industrial policy and subsidies are nothing new and can be useful.

But shutting off from the world will have consequences. Ukrainian troops watch with anxiety as the United States moves closer to talks with Russia over the war. The region is becoming a theme park for the Chinese nation.

Trumps approach of seeking a deal at any cost imperils the security of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea region. A strategy of targeted engagement, rather than returning to maximum pressure, could foster a genuine democratic transition. Trade wars, rising prices, falling confidence, and sinking stock markets are not what Wall Street or Main Street voted for. While U.S. allies worry, other states would welcome better great-power relations.

By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Signed Up    Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Money and education no longer explain voting patterns. Countries and companies with clout might thrive.

The rest, not so much. Trophy hunting is uncomfortable for some in the West but a lifeline for many locals. FPs ongoing updates from staff and contributors. Ian Bremmer joins FP Live to assess Donald Trumps second term as president.

At the 50-day mark, are we seeing clear contours of a... READ MORE Ask a Question Ask a Question Registered Ask a Question Ask a Question  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews.

Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN    The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature. The Trump-Zelensky shouting match is a reminder that international diplomacy was never meant to be carried out in front of billions of eyes. Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Americas first post-literate president has only geography to fall back on.

Why global resistance movements have failed and where they go from here. Industrial policy and subsidies are nothing new and can be useful. But shutting off from the world will have consequences.

Ukrainian troops watch with anxiety as the United States moves closer to talks with Russia over the war. The region is becoming a theme park for the Chinese nation. List items:  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and U.S. President Donald Trump are talking. Trump and Zelenskys Week of Whiplash Report  Christina Lu  A large ship in the ocean What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions Analysis  Agathe Demarais  German Chancellor Olaf Scholz reacts during lunch with mountain soldiers during a visit of the German Federal Armed Forces Bundeswehr mountain infantry brigade in Schneizlreuth, southern Germany, on July 22, 2024.

Europes Looming Guns vs. Butter Decision Analysis  Anchal Vohra  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky talks to a group of European leaders on the sidelines of a summit in Kyiv on Feb. 24, the third anniversary of Russias full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Europe Is Now Led by Its North Argument  Caroline de Gruyter  French President Emmanuel Macron (right) and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer attend commemorations marking the 106th anniversary of the Nov. 11, 1918, armistice ending World War I, in Paris.

Europe Gets Serious About Defense Thanks to Trumps Retreat Analysis  Keith Johnson  Von der Leyen, a woman in her 60s, is seen from the shoulders upward. She looks slightly concerned as she looks to the left. Behind her is a circle of yellow stars on a blue field from the EU flag.

Note to Europe: Stay Calm and Dont Retaliate Argument  Agathe Demarais  A photo illustration of a historic map of the Gulf of Mexico with "Mexico" crossed out and "America" scrawled across it in handwriting. The Cartography of Grievance Argument  Nick Danforth  A still from the movie "September 5" shows a room full of journalists behind the scenes at the 1972 summer olympics. September 5 and the Pitfalls of German Idealism Review  Allison Meakem  An aerial view shows the leveling of whole city blocks in Tokyo after U.S. incendiary bombing raids in 1945.

The Forgotten Bombing Excerpt  Richard Overy  Smoke rises from a factory of China Baowu Steel Group in Taiyuan, China. Could Trumps Favorite Word Double as Climate Policy? In the foreground is a man blurred from view. Behind him is a screen with stock market numbers.

Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  A fleet of cameras and reporters surround Lindsey Graham outside the White House. Trumps Angry Meeting With Zelensky Prompts Reactions Worldwide  U.S. Vice President J.D. Vance greets President Donald Trump's nominee to be under secretary of defense for policy, Elbridge Colby during Colby's confirmation hearing on March 4 in Washington. Trumps Pick for Key Pentagon Role Faces Off With GOP Hawks  A scale weighs cucumbers for sale at a street market in Mexico City, Mexico, on Feb. 3.

Will Trump Try to Tip the Scales in Latin America? Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump arrive for a photo session at the G-20 summit in Osaka, Japan, on June 28, 2019. How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews.

Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN  Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER?

LOGIN  Hope: The Autobiography, Pope Francis, trans. Richard Dixon, Random House, 320 pp., 32, January 2025. A Hopeful Pope Francis Wont Be Silenced Review  Michele Barbero  The book cover for The World After Gaza by Pankaj Mishra How Gaza Shattered the Wests Mythology Excerpt  Pankaj Mishra  The book cover for Chokepoints: American Power in the Age of Economic Warfare Americas Economic Warfare Is Sowing Its Own Demise Review  Keith Johnson  A grid of 12 fiction book covers out in February 2025. The Novels Were Reading in February Books  Chloe Hadavas, Allison Meakem  How the World Made the West: A 4,000-Year History, Josephine Quinn, Random House, 592 pp., 38, September 2024.

The Clash Over Civilizations Review  Ian Morris  The book cover for The Rivalry Peril, white and black type on a red field. How Great-Power Rivalry Hurts Ordinary Americans Excerpt  Van Jackson, Michael Brenes  An illustration shows the Statue of Liberty holding a torch with other hands alongside hers as she lifts the flame, also resembling laurel, into place on the edge of the United Nations laurel logo. A New Multilateralism Essay  Gordon Brown  Chinese soldiers in Belarus for military training.

Asian Powers Set Their Strategic Sights on Europe Analysis  C. Raja Mohan  An illustration shows Russian President Vladimir Putin on a television set with spinning lines behind him for a story about Russia's TV propaganda. A Day Inside Putins Surreal Television Empire Analysis  Anastasia Edel  An illustration shows half faces of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Putin for a story about a ChiRussia alliance. The China-Russia Axis Takes Shape Analysis  Bonny Lin  A photo illustration shows Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Joe Biden posing on pedestals atop the bipolar world order, with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, and Russian President Vladamir Putin standing below on a gridded floor. No, the World Is Not Multipolar Essay  Jo Inge Bekkevold  Russian President Vladimir Putin, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan greet each other at the BRICS summit in Johannesburg, South Africa, on July 27, 2018. 6 Swing States Will Decide the Future of Geopolitics Analysis  Cliff Kupchan  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red Analysis  Keith Johnson  How Trump Is Killing the U.S. Defense Industry Analysis  Elisabeth Braw  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around Argument  Francisco Rodrguez  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism Argument  Natia Seskuria  What Is Americas China Policy?

FP Live  How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific Analysis  Derek Grossman  Read Trump and Zelenskys Fiery Oval Office Exchange Transcript  Anusha Rathi, Christina Lu  What Europe Can Do If Trump Drops Russia Sanctions Analysis  Agathe Demarais

---

Email Protection  You are unable to access this email address foreignpolicy.com The website from which you got to this page is protected by Cloudflare. Email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots. You must enable Javascript in your browser in order to decode the e-mail address. If you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way, you can sign up for Cloudflare.

Cloudflare Ray ID: 91c92389df30b2c4  Your IP: Click to reveal 14.139.196.188  Performance  security by Cloudflare List items:  How does Cloudflare protect email addresses on website from spammers? Can I sign up for Cloudflare? ---

Latest  There appears to be a technical issue with your browser  List of Latest articles  Follow FP  Can Latin America Find Consensus in the Age of Trump? China Is Exploiting Americas Social Divisions  Why Washingtons Stance Will Pave the Way for Russian Expansionism  How Trump Could Still Get Venezuela Right This Time Around  Trumps Economy Is Flashing Red  Who Will Rule Over Gaza After the War?

The New Gold Rush  How U.S.-Russia-China Ties Would Impact the Indo-Pacific  Why Are We Surprised by the Trump-Putin Alliance? Can Trumps 5 Percent Defense Spending Threshold Save NATO? Who Will Protect the Earths Defenders?

Trumps Pick for Key Pentagon Role Faces Off With GOP Hawks  China Orders Major Boost to Defense Spending  Does India Have a Diplomatic Role in Ukraine? Europe Should Make a 200 Billion Deal With Trump Amid tariffs and aid cuts, the region displayed rare unity at the OAS this week. Beijing-backed groups are using Asian American concerns for leverage. Trumps approach of seeking a deal at any cost imperils the security of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea region. A strategy of targeted engagement, rather than returning to maximum pressure, could foster a genuine democratic transition.

Trade wars, rising prices, falling confidence, and sinking stock markets are not what Wall Street or Main Street voted for. U.S. President Donald Trump, Israeli opposition leader Yair Lapid, and Egypt have all made proposals on postwar governance in the enclave. A tug-of-war between governments and illegal miners is igniting conflict.

To avoid the worst, states must make room for legal artisanal mining. While U.S. allies worry, other states would welcome better great-power relations. MAGAs ideology aligns more closely with authoritarianism than liberal democracy.

Experts suggest that shifting how the alliance spends its money could be more effective against a Russian security threat. In Colombia, environmental activists are under attack despite the presidents green promises. Elbridge Colbys hearing on Tuesday showcased fault lines in the party. Beijings military posturing aims to assert its dominance on the global stage, particularly with the United States and Taiwan.

After Trump and Zelenskys fiery meeting, New Delhi could find an opportunity to bolster other peace efforts. Cash to buy U.S. weapons for Ukraine would also help balance trade. Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on Twitter Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on LinkedIn List items:  Follow FP on Facebook  Follow FP on Twitter  Follow FP on Instagram  Follow FP on LinkedIn