Shop our most popular categories  Discover gifts for every occasion  Personalised and Custom Clothing  Shop extraordinary items at special prices  Add to collection Add to registry  Make your collection public? Required Cookies  Technologies  Personalized Advertising  Custom Embroidered Initial Heart Sweatshirt  Personalized Couples Hoodie  Valentines Couple Initials  Matching Sleeve Initial Hoodie  Embroidered Pet Portrait Kids T-Shirt Custom  Custom Kids Embroidered Pet Portrait T-Shirt  Embroidered Kids T-Shirt  Personalised Gifts  Custom Name Sweater, Hand Embroidered Baby Sweater, Personalized Name Sweater, Baby Announcement, Embroidered Knit Sweater, Custom Baby Gift  Dad and SonDaughter Matching Shirt Set (Set of 2) - If You Think I'm Handsome, You Should See My Dad - Handsome Dad Shirt, Fathers Day Gift  Personalized Terry Custom Embroidered BathrobeAdult Unisex Men Women RobesChristmasBridesmaidAnniversaryBirthdayHomeHimHerGifts  Bride to be, Silk bride pajama, Silk Bridesmaids Pajama Set , Bridesmaid Pajama, Bridesmaid, Bridal, Custom gift for her, Embroidery  Create new collection  Privacy Settings Get the looks! Chic pieces and accessories to liven up your wardrobe Rings crochet patterns digital drawings and illustrations tumblers and water glasses dangle and drop earrings wall hangings men's t-shirts Gifts for Her Baby Gifts Garden Gifts Easter Gifts Pisces Gifts Gifts with Free Delivery Editors Picks Get perfectly personalised looks. 1,802  2,612  3,488  5,406  1,234  6,119  7,649  6,126 Earrings up to 20 off Gifts for Him up to 20 off Trending: Charms up to 40 off Original Paintings up to 20 off Kids Style up to 30 off Hmm, something went wrong.

Try that again. Create new collection 50 Keep collections to yourself or inspire other shoppers! Keep in mind that anyone can view public collections  they may also appear in recommendations and other places.

View Etsys Privacy Policy Public collections can be seen by the public, including other shoppers, and may show up in recommendations and other places. List items:  crochet patterns  digital drawings and illustrations  tumblers and water glasses  dangle and drop earrings  wall hangings  men's t-shirts  Gifts for Her  Baby Gifts  Garden Gifts  Easter Gifts  Pisces Gifts  Gifts with Free Delivery  Earrings Earrings up to 20 off  Gifts for Him Gifts for Him up to 20 off  Trending: Charms Trending: Charms up to 40 off  Original Paintings Original Paintings up to 20 off  Kids Style Kids Style up to 30 off

---

Shop our most popular categories  Discover gifts for every occasion  Popular gifts right now  Personalised and Custom Clothing  Shop extraordinary items at special prices  Add to collection Add to registry  Make your collection public? Required Cookies  Technologies  Personalized Advertising  Handmade Damascus Pocket Knife Olive Wood Handle Birthday Gift Folding Knife Groomsmen Gift Anniversary Wedding Personalized Gift for Men  Personalized Vinyl Record with Photo - Acrylic Song Plaque - Anniversary Gift for Friends - Birthday Gift for Her Him - Christmas Gifts  couple portrait, gift for couple, faceless portrait, engagement drawing, boyfriend portrait, family portrait, custom gift, Faceless Gift  Custom Comfort Colors Vintage Bootleg Pet Shirt Pet Photo  Name Custom Dog Portrait Personalized Shirt Custom T Shirts Cat Shirt 90's Tee  Penny Keychain-Custom-Anniversary-Lucky-Gift-Men-Husband-Boyfriend-Seven-Years-Unique-Engraved-Stamped-Personalized-Copper-PICK ANY YEAR! Engraved Birth Flower jewellery Box, Travel Jewelry Box, Birthday Gift, Bridal Party Gifts, Bridesmaid Gifts, Gift for her  Personalised Initials Socks - Custom Embroidered Initials on Unisex Cotton Crew Socks - Made to Order  Made in Britain  Custom Name Sweater, Hand Embroidered Baby Sweater, Personalized Name Sweater, Baby Announcement, Embroidered Knit Sweater, Custom Baby Gift  Dad and SonDaughter Matching Shirt Set (Set of 2) - If You Think I'm Handsome, You Should See My Dad - Handsome Dad Shirt, Fathers Day Gift  Men's wash bag, groomsmen gift, customized leather toiletry bag, personalized dopp kit bag, groom wedding gift, monogrammed men toiletry bag  Custom Embroidered Initial Heart Sweatshirt  Personalized Couples Hoodie  Valentines Couple Initials  Matching Sleeve Initial Hoodie  Cow Print Letter Keychain l Resin Keychain l Animal Print l Personalized Alphabet Keychain l Gifts for Her l Teacher School Easter  Create new collection  Privacy Settings Get the looks! Chic pieces and accessories to liven up your wardrobe Rings digital drawings and illustrations tumblers and water glasses men's t-shirts wall decor mugs stickers Gifts for Her Baby Gifts Garden Gifts Easter Gifts Pisces Gifts Gifts with Free Delivery Sale Price  2,858  2,858  11,431 Original Price  11,431 (75 off)  11,431 Original Price  11,431 (75 off) Sale Price  1,169  1,169  2,339 Original Price  2,339 (50 off)  2,339 Original Price  2,339 (50 off) Sale Price  172  172  689 Original Price  689 (75 off)  689 Original Price  689 (75 off) FREE delivery Sale Price  1,259  1,259  3,148 Original Price  3,148 (60 off)  3,148 Original Price  3,148 (60 off)  1,080 Sale Price  502  502  930 Original Price  930 (46 off)  930 Original Price  930 (46 off) Editors Picks  1,320  5,400  1,233  2,498  3,330  1,800  2,609  648  720 Get perfectly personalised looks.

Get perfectly personalised looks. Earrings up to 20 off Gifts for Him up to 20 off Trending: Charms up to 40 off Original Paintings up to 20 off Kids Style up to 30 off Hmm, something went wrong. Try that again. Create new collection 50 Keep collections to yourself or inspire other shoppers! Keep in mind that anyone can view public collections  they may also appear in recommendations and other places.

View Etsys Privacy Policy Public collections can be seen by the public, including other shoppers, and may show up in recommendations and other places. List items:  digital drawings and illustrations  tumblers and water glasses  men's t-shirts  wall decor  mugs  stickers  Gifts for Her  Baby Gifts  Garden Gifts  Easter Gifts  Pisces Gifts  Gifts with Free Delivery  Earrings Earrings up to 20 off  Gifts for Him Gifts for Him up to 20 off  Trending: Charms Trending: Charms up to 40 off  Original Paintings Original Paintings up to 20 off  Kids Style Kids Style up to 30 off

---

Update your settings  Required Cookies  Technologies  Personalized Advertising  Privacy Settings Set where you live, what language you speak and the currency you use. Learn more.

====================

Makingmeaning. Vivacious  Always evolving. Fresh programming. Creating impact.

Gather together. Take part. Give generously.

Drawing on an 80-year legacy of advancing American craft. Membership  Programs  Events  Magazine  Archives  Craft Lab  The Fundamentals of Grant Writing  Craft Lab  Business Structures for Artists  Craft Lab  Contracts, Agreements, and Licensing for Artists  2025 American Craft Fest  Be a companion in our craft journey. Championing anAmerican craft legacy.

Three contemporary artists use imaginative techniques and materials to create furniture, tapestries, and sculpture exploding with life. The nonprofit American Craft Council fosters livelihoods and ways of living grounded in the artful work of the human hand, creating a more joyful, humane, and regenerative world. Growing knowledge in the artistry of craft.

Whether amplifying artists stories, producing community events, or honoring innovators in the field, ACC creates opportunities where makers and appreciators can deepen their connection with craft. ACC members receive a subscription to American Craft, access to all digital stories, and additional members-only benefits. Explore the American Craft Councils array of programs designed to inspire appreciation of craft and support makers at all career stages.

ACC brings together artists, organizations, collectors, and enthusiasts at lively regional events designed to build community around craft and the handmade. American Craft is a quarterly magazine for artists and appreciators of the handmade that celebrates the diversity of American craft and its makers. The ACC Archives contains four major archival collections documenting the history of contemporary craft, as well as many smaller collections related to individuals and organizations within the craft field. We believe that making can change the world.

in estimated artist sales through ACC in-person and online marketplaces since 2022. online readers of American Craft stories since 2024. participants interacting with makers and learning about craft at ACC events in 2024. The shared value of experiences. Browse our upcoming American Craft Council events. Talks  Workshops In this practical and supportive workshop, you'll learn how to bring your unique artistic vision to life through compelling grant applications. This session will help you understand the essentials of grant writing and will make the process approachable and manageable.

Tuesday, March 11, 2025 68 p.m. ET 57 p.m. CT 46 p.m. MT 35 p.m. PT Online Free for Members; registration required. Talks  Workshops In this workshop longtime artist and tax pro Hannah Cole, of Sunlight Tax, will clarify the different options, and the pros and cons of each, so you can tailor your decisions for your unique needs. We'll focus on the difference between a legal entity and a tax entity, the tax implications, and the level of complexity and expense that each type of entity involves.

We will discuss LLCs, sole proprietorships, S Corporations, Partnerships, C Corps, Co-operatives and B Corporations. This session will have a special emphasis on the tax implications and the complexity level of your choices. Tuesday, April 8, 2025 68 p.m.

ET 57 p.m. CT 46 p.m. MT 35 p.m. PT Online Free for Members; registration required. Talks  Workshops Join intellectual property attorney Navin Ramalingam, to learn the ins and outs of contracts, agreements, and licensing for artists and entrepreneurs. Tuesday, June 10, 2025 68 p.m. ET 57 p.m. CT 46 p.m. MT 35 p.m. PT Online Free for Members; registration required.

Festivals  Marketplaces American Craft Fest is the summers best opportunity to discover handmade objects by up-and-coming makers from across the region. Dates: June 28  29, 2025 Hours: 11am  5pm on Saturday 11am  3pm on Sunday VIP Preview: Saturday, June 28, 9:30 am  11 am Admission: Free and open to the Public Location: Union Depot, St. Paul, MN Support makers, celebrate the handcrafted, and get American Craft delivered to your home with a membership to the American Craft Council. Join today and start your craft journey! As a national nonprofit, the American Craft Council relies on your support to share artists stories, create events that connect people to craft, and sustain our unique programs that help artists and makers thrive at all stages of their careers.

List items:  Membership ACC members receive a subscription to American Craft, access to all digital stories, and additional members-only benefits. Programs Explore the American Craft Councils array of programs designed to inspire appreciation of craft and support makers at all career stages. Events ACC brings together artists, organizations, collectors, and enthusiasts at lively regional events designed to build community around craft and the handmade. Magazine American Craft is a quarterly magazine for artists and appreciators of the handmade that celebrates the diversity of American craft and its makers. Archives The ACC Archives contains four major archival collections documenting the history of contemporary craft, as well as many smaller collections related to individuals and organizations within the craft field.

8 million in estimated artist sales through ACC in-person and online marketplaces since 2022. 280,000  online readers of American Craft stories since 2024. 13,000  participants interacting with makers and learning about craft at ACC events in 2024. ---

Spring 2025  Inside this issue.

Subscribe now. Craft Happenings  Explore other issues  American Crafts Spring 2025 issue is focused on the theme emerge. Vivacious  Connective Roots  Out of the Box  Finds: Spring 2025  Preview: Two Suchitra Mattai Exhibitions  Hands-On History  Enchanted Planters  New Releases: Spring 2025  Talking Clay  Explore craft events nationwide. Spring 2025  Winter 2025  Fall 2024  Summer 2024  Spring 2024  Winter 2024 In this issue, we share stories of emergence.

Youll discover how dirt and water excavated from a 500-year-old mudhole is used to create Catawba pottery, wood is carved into logic-defying forms, and new motifs in beaded jewelry emerge from a multicultural heritage. And youll meet makers who are instigating a neon renaissance. One of our renewed efforts in American Craft is to share more stories about people prioritizing craft in their lives. People such as Mike Lagg and Paula Wilson, who collaborate on creative works and on making most of the items that fill their home and studio spaces in rural New Mexico.

After emerging from reading this issue, we invite you to find or think of a handmade object that means something to you. What is its story? How does it contribute to the story of who you are?

How does the connection to the creative work of the human hand make life more meaningful for you? You are now entering a filterable feed of Articles. 18 articles Three contemporary artists use imaginative techniques and materials to create furniture, tapestries, and sculpture exploding with life. Spring 2025 Drawing on folklore and patterns from her cultural heritage, Madison Holler creates intricate beaded jewelry and sumptuous collaborative designs.

Spring 2025 Fyrns sustainable, handcrafted furniture is also easy to assemble. Spring 2025 Staff from the American Craft Council share three craft objects that they found surprising and delightful. Spring 2025 The artist traces her familys migration history in richly colored textiles in museum exhibitions this spring.

Spring 2025 Master Catawba potter Bill Harris is preservingand evolvinga 4,000-year-old cultural practice. Spring 2025 The ceramic vessels here, created by four makers from the Los Angeles area, would bring a California vibe to most any setting. Spring 2025 New craft books featured in the Spring 2025 issue of American Craft. Spring 2025 The Brickyard Network of podcasts provides listeners insights into various aspects of ceramic makingalong with plenty of laughs.

Spring 2025 Get American Craft delivered to your home. Subscribe by becoming a member and receive the magazine that celebrates the diversity of American craft and its makers, featuring articles of emerging and established artists throughout the United States. Artist Raul De Lara Like the Ones Back Home  Como Las De Mi Tierra, 2024, walnut, oak, cedar, 108 x 84 x 36 in.

Rubinski Works jewelry, earrings, and wall hangings are made of metal (fine silver or gold filled), glass and metal seed beads, and beeswax nylon thread. Browse a timely, curated, and frequently updated list of must-see exhibitions, shows, and other events that is searchable by medium, city, and state. List items:  Makers Free To Read Vivacious Three contemporary artists use imaginative techniques and materials to create furniture, tapestries, and sculpture exploding with life. Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Makers Free To Read Connective Roots Drawing on folklore and patterns from her cultural heritage, Madison Holler creates intricate beaded jewelry and sumptuous collaborative designs.

Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Makers Free To Read Out of the Box Fyrns sustainable, handcrafted furniture is also easy to assemble. Spring 2025 Craft Companies  Makers Free To Read Finds: Spring 2025 Staff from the American Craft Council share three craft objects that they found surprising and delightful. Spring 2025  Points of View Free To Read Preview: Two Suchitra Mattai Exhibitions The artist traces her familys migration history in richly colored textiles in museum exhibitions this spring. Spring 2025 Previews  Reviews  Makers Free To Read Hands-On History Master Catawba potter Bill Harris is preservingand evolvinga 4,000-year-old cultural practice.

Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Handcrafted Living Free To Read Enchanted Planters The ceramic vessels here, created by four makers from the Los Angeles area, would bring a California vibe to most any setting. Spring 2025 Goods  Media Hub Free To Read New Releases: Spring 2025 New craft books featured in the Spring 2025 issue of American Craft. Spring 2025 Books  Media Hub Free To Read Talking Clay The Brickyard Network of podcasts provides listeners insights into various aspects of ceramic makingalong with plenty of laughs.

Spring 2025 Video  Audio  Photo courtesy of Raul De Lara Artist Raul De Lara Like the Ones Back Home  Como Las De Mi Tierra, 2024, walnut, oak, cedar, 108 x 84 x 36 in. Photo by Rubinski Visual Rubinski Works jewelry, earrings, and wall hangings are made of metal (fine silver or gold filled), glass and metal seed beads, and beeswax nylon thread. ---

Crafted stories.

Story categories. Explore American Craft magazine. Become a member  Craft Happenings Spring 2025  Enchanted Planters  Connective Roots  Out of the Box  Deep in the Wood  Finds: Spring 2025  Preview: Two Suchitra Mattai Exhibitions  Vivacious  Hands-On History  Craft Happenings  Points of View  Makers  Materials  Processes  Handcrafted Living  Travel  Media Hub  ACC News  Award-winning journalism in the craft field.

Every object has a maker, and every maker has a story. Discover the narratives of emerging and established artists, the evolution of their creations, and how the everyday is made more extraordinary through the fine art of craft. You are now entering a filterable feed of Articles. 160 articles Upcoming exhibitions and events across the country.

Spring 2025 The ceramic vessels here, created by four makers from the Los Angeles area, would bring a California vibe to most any setting. Spring 2025 Drawing on folklore and patterns from her cultural heritage, Madison Holler creates intricate beaded jewelry and sumptuous collaborative designs. Spring 2025 Fyrns sustainable, handcrafted furniture is also easy to assemble.

Spring 2025 Raul De Lara coaxes sculptures from wood that appear to move, shine, and squishboth embracing and defying the rules of nature. Spring 2025 Staff from the American Craft Council share three craft objects that they found surprising and delightful. Spring 2025 The artist traces her familys migration history in richly colored textiles in museum exhibitions this spring. Spring 2025 Three contemporary artists use imaginative techniques and materials to create furniture, tapestries, and sculpture exploding with life. Spring 2025 Master Catawba potter Bill Harris is preservingand evolvinga 4,000-year-old cultural practice.

Spring 2025 Browse a timely, curated, and frequently updated list of must-see exhibitions, shows, and other events. Essays, craft histories, ideas, analysis, and other perspectives on the significance of craft. Profiles, interviews, studio tours, and videos on people who are making the world more beautiful. Learn about materials and how craftspeople transform them into functional and sculptural works.

Discover practical and pleasing handmade goods and stories about living with meaningful objects. Explore the world of craft by visiting the places and communities where it is created and celebrated. Discover new books, niche periodicals, videos, and podcastsplus highlights from ACCs archives. Explore the impact of the American Craft Council and the ACC community through stories and updates on our programs, events, artists, and more.

Learn more about one of the countrys leading publications on the diversity of American craft and its makers. Join today and start your craft journey! Support makers, celebrate the handcrafted, and get American Craft delivered to your home with a membership to the American Craft Council. List items:  Free To Read Craft Happenings Spring 2025 Upcoming exhibitions and events across the country.

Spring 2025  Handcrafted Living Free To Read Enchanted Planters The ceramic vessels here, created by four makers from the Los Angeles area, would bring a California vibe to most any setting. Spring 2025 Goods  Makers Free To Read Connective Roots Drawing on folklore and patterns from her cultural heritage, Madison Holler creates intricate beaded jewelry and sumptuous collaborative designs. Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Makers Free To Read Out of the Box Fyrns sustainable, handcrafted furniture is also easy to assemble. Spring 2025 Craft Companies  Makers Free To Read Deep in the Wood Raul De Lara coaxes sculptures from wood that appear to move, shine, and squishboth embracing and defying the rules of nature.

Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Makers Free To Read Finds: Spring 2025 Staff from the American Craft Council share three craft objects that they found surprising and delightful. Spring 2025  Points of View Free To Read Preview: Two Suchitra Mattai Exhibitions The artist traces her familys migration history in richly colored textiles in museum exhibitions this spring. Spring 2025 Previews  Reviews  Makers Free To Read Vivacious Three contemporary artists use imaginative techniques and materials to create furniture, tapestries, and sculpture exploding with life.

Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Makers Free To Read Hands-On History Master Catawba potter Bill Harris is preservingand evolvinga 4,000-year-old cultural practice. Spring 2025 Features  Profiles  Craft Happenings Browse a timely, curated, and frequently updated list of must-see exhibitions, shows, and other events. Points of View Essays, craft histories, ideas, analysis, and other perspectives on the significance of craft. Makers Profiles, interviews, studio tours, and videos on people who are making the world more beautiful.

Materials  Processes Learn about materials and how craftspeople transform them into functional and sculptural works. Handcrafted Living Discover practical and pleasing handmade goods and stories about living with meaningful objects. Travel Explore the world of craft by visiting the places and communities where it is created and celebrated. Media Hub Discover new books, niche periodicals, videos, and podcastsplus highlights from ACCs archives.

ACC News Explore the impact of the American Craft Council and the ACC community through stories and updates on our programs, events, artists, and more. ====================

Collect 2025 Collect 2025 is open! Secure your ticket now

---

Collect 2025 Collect 2025 is open! Secure your ticket now

---

Collect 2025 Collect 2025 is open!

Secure your ticket now