WHO recommends influenza vaccine composition for 2025-2026  Latest news  Latest on emergencies  Invest in WHO  Eliminating diseases  Obesity  Publications  Tinnitus  Speeches  Campaigns  Events  Cluster of deaths in DR Congo  Read the Disease Outbreak News  Health situation in Gaza  Read about WHO's support  Mpox  Read the latest  COVID-19  Read the latest update  Learn about investment in WHO  Watch the podcast  Learn about WHO's work  Read the questions and answers WHO announces new collaborating centre on AI for health governance Recommendations announced for influenza vaccine composition for the 20252026 northern hemisphere influenza season New WHO and ITU standard aims to prevent hearing loss among gamers Humanitarian access improves quality of polio vaccination campaign in the Gaza Strip Strategic Advisory Group of Experts on Immunization (SAGE) - March 2025 80th INN Consultation Webinar: WHO support for GCF country driven programming for the health sector: AFROEMRO (MENA) Regions INN Session with INN stakeholders One Health: Defining its concept, necessity, and implementation

---

World Hearing Day 2025 (3 March)  About WHO South-East Asia  World Health Day 2025  Regional Director  News and feature stories  Health emergencies  Antimicrobial Resistance  Global Leprosy Programme  Saima Wazed appointed Regional Director WHO South-East Asia at EB154  Polio-free certification of the WHO South-East Asia Region  Expression of interest - WHO SEARO Youth Council  Multimedia  Accelerating action against antimicrobial resistance  100 strides  100 days  WHO South-East Asia Regional Roadmap for Results and Resilience (ROADMAP): the shared strategic framework...  A global review of value-based care: theory, practice and lessons learned  Mapping the commercial determinants of health in countries of the WHO South-East Asia Region: conceptualizations,...  Seventy-seventh Session of the WHO Regional Committee for South-East Asia, 79 October 2024, New Delhi, India  Ms Saima Wazed appointed Regional Director WHO South-East Asia at EB154 - acceptance speech  Polio - the journey to eradication in South-East Asia  Facebook One of the six WHO Regions, WHO South-East Asia is home to over a quarter of the worlds population. Committed to building a better, healthier future for the nearly two billion people in the Region, WHO is working with the 11 Member States to address persisting and emerging epidemiological and demographic challenges. Saima Wazed International Womens Day - For ALL women and girls: Rights. Equality.

Empowerment World Hearing Day: Changing Mindsets: Empower Yourself to Make Ear and Hearing Care a Reality for All World Birth Defects Day: Every journey matters SEARO Care: an initiative tailored to promote and protect staff mental health and wellbeing Featured publications The WHO Regional Director for South-East Asia, Saima Wazed, assumed office on 1 February 2024. Within 100 days, Ms Wazed has rolled out a defining vision... Health systems globally are exploring avenues for maximizing value and transitioning out of a volume-based approach to health service provision and financing.... The health and well-being outcomes of an individual are determined by everyday living conditions, which are driven by the social, political and environmental... Regional Committee Featured activities Tripartite and US CDC supported One Health Zoonotic Diseases Prioritization Workshop in Sri Lanka Regional workshop on scaling up services for cancer and implementing South-East Asia Cancer Grid Integrating One Health approach to surveillance, prevention and control of Dengue fever in Bangladesh Tripartite supported National Workshops on One Health Zoonotic Diseases Prioritization and Joint Risk Assessment under Pandemic Fund in Bhutan The Global Leprosy Programme (GLP) of the World Health Organization is housed in the WHO Regional Office for South-East Asia (and not in the Organizations headquarters in Geneva).

It is the Organizations designated programme for addressing leprosy worldwide. Being classified as one of the 20 neglected tropical diseases (NTDs), the unit works in close collaboration with the Department of Control of NTDs in HQ, designated focal points in all regions, national leprosy programmes and partners. Global Leprosy Programme Website Expression of interest - WHO SEARO Youth Council Evaluation Reports Click here to view Evaluation reports Twitter

---

European Programme of Work2026 - 2030  Emergencies  Latest news  Statements from the Regional Director  Photo stories  Feature stories  Multimedia  Podcasts  Featured event  Events  House highlights  Featured activities  Featured health topics  RC74  Harnessing innovation for public health 2025-2030  Empowering Communities: Kyrgyzstan's Resilient Response to Emergencies  Inspired by Pele: Alisher chases his football dream despite diabetes UnitedActionForBetterHealth New data dashboard visualizes progress towards vaccine-preventable disease control and immunization equity in Europe WHO and Switzerland cement cooperation until 2028 From cradle to cane: WHOs new European Health Report warns of lifelong health crises across the Region Three years of war: rising demand for mental health support, trauma care and rehabilitation Regional Director Statement  United Action for Better Health  our promise, now and always Statement  No one knows your risk like you do: protect yourself and others this respiratory virus season Statement  Bold action on antimicrobial resistance (AMR) needed Statement  Renewed focus on health critical as Ukraine approaches third winter amid full-scale war Exploring life alcohol-free: Daniel and Johnny from Ireland Saving lives: transportation of patients from Gaza  perspectives from Romania A health and care worker with hearing loss calls for empathy and understanding Digital vaccination records: how one Kyrgyz mother stays on track with her childrens health Health security and emergency preparedness: building a safe and secure WHO European Region Strengthening polio surveillance: action plan review and capacity-building workshop World No Tobacco Day 2025: unmasking the appeal Eleventh High-level Meeting of the Small Countries Initiative: A focus on innovation Webinar: update on implementation of the European Immunization Agenda 2030 (EIA2030) and launch of the EIA2030 dashboard Intercountry workshop on strengthening capacity to support the health needs of refugees and displaced people from Ukraine Ageing is living: working for a lifetime of health and well-being Second meeting of EPW2 Member State focal points and national counterparts Partnerships Improving infection prevention and control to prevent the spread of antimicrobial resistance Raising community awareness of antimicrobial resistance and enabling behavioural change Building a sustainable and fit-for-purpose workforce Building health systems that are inclusive for refugees and migrants Climate change Digital health Mental health Vaccines and immunization

====================

Health care articles from across Nature Portfolio  Featured  Related Subjects  Latest Research and Reviews  News and Comment  Search  Net increase in temperature-related deaths under climate change in Europe  Generalist medical AI reimbursement challenges and opportunities  Using oncolytic viruses to induce hyperacute rejection against cancer  Effects of dietary gluten on body weight and gut microbiota in BALB-C mice using 16 S rRNA-Based analysis  Assessing the quality and reliability of youtube information on hypertension: a comprehensive analysis  Mulberry leaves supplementation modulates ruminal and fecal bacterial community and metabolites in growing mutton sheep  Physical activity, diet, and social determinants of health associate with health related quality of life and fibrosis in MASLD  Diversity of intestinal microbiota and inflammatory cytokines after severe trauma  RSM and AI based machine learning for quality by design development of rivaroxaban push-pull osmotic tablets and its PBPK modeling  Systemic interventions towards kidney health equity in American Indian and Alaska Native communities  Implementing large language models in healthcare while balancing control, collaboration, costs and security  Antimicrobial resistance genes in the oral microbiome  Trump's nominee for NIH chief talks frozen grants and fostering scientific dissent  Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants  Vision: protecting and restoring a prized sense  Quick links Health care is the discipline concerned with the provision and delivery of health services to a patient population by personnel in professional and allied health occupations. Heat-related deaths are estimated to increase more rapidly than cold-related deaths are estimated to decrease under future climate change scenarios across European cities.

An unrealistic degree of adaptation to heat would be required to revert this trend, indicating the need for strong policies to reduce greenhouse gases emissions. Generalist AI systems in healthcare can handle multiple complex clinical tasks, unlike narrow AI tools that perform isolated functions. However, current payment systems struggle to capture the value of these integrated capabilities. We examine potential solutions, including value-based and tiered structures, balancing innovation, equitable access, continuous performance evaluation, and cost-effectiveness to realize generalist AIs transformative potential.

In a recently reported study, a novel engineered oncolytic Newcastle disease virus encoding porcine α1,3-galactosyltransferase was evaluated in monkeys with CRISPR-induced primary hepatocellular carcinoma and in a phase I clinical trial. The virus induced hyperacute tumour rejection and an objective response rate of 35 in 20 evaluable patients. This approach highlights the promises and challenges of oncolytic virus drug development.

Kidney disease disproportionately affects American Indian and Alaska Native (AIAN) communities, largely owing to adverse social drivers of health that stem from systemic issues including colonization, structural racism and historical trauma. Kidney health equity for AIAN communities requires systemic and multilevel interventions across the CKD spectrum and life course. Integrating Large Language Models (LLMs) into healthcare promises substantial advancements but requires careful consideration of technical, ethical, and regulatory challenges. Closed LLMs of private companies offer ease of deployment but pose risks related to data privacy and vendor dependence. Open LLMs deployed on local hardware enable greater model customization but demand resources and technical expertise.

Balancing these approaches, with collaboration among clinicians, researchers, and companies is crucial to ensure effective, secure, and ethical implementation. Health economist Jay Bhattacharya, who drew censure for controversial views on COVID-19, vows to provide funding but is short on details. Studies that touch on LGBT health, gender identity and DEI in the biomedical workforce could be terminated, according to documents obtained by Nature. The scale of work to improve therapies for eye disease reflects the importance people place on sight.

Heat-related deaths are estimated to increase more rapidly than cold-related deaths are estimated to decrease under future climate change scenarios across European cities. An unrealistic degree of adaptation to heat would be required to revert this trend, indicating the need for strong policies to reduce greenhouse gases emissions. Generalist AI systems in healthcare can handle multiple complex clinical tasks, unlike narrow AI tools that perform isolated functions. However, current payment systems struggle to capture the value of these integrated capabilities.

We examine potential solutions, including value-based and tiered structures, balancing innovation, equitable access, continuous performance evaluation, and cost-effectiveness to realize generalist AIs transformative potential. In a recently reported study, a novel engineered oncolytic Newcastle disease virus encoding porcine α1,3-galactosyltransferase was evaluated in monkeys with CRISPR-induced primary hepatocellular carcinoma and in a phase I clinical trial. The virus induced hyperacute tumour rejection and an objective response rate of 35 in 20 evaluable patients. This approach highlights the promises and challenges of oncolytic virus drug development.

Kidney disease disproportionately affects American Indian and Alaska Native (AIAN) communities, largely owing to adverse social drivers of health that stem from systemic issues including colonization, structural racism and historical trauma. Kidney health equity for AIAN communities requires systemic and multilevel interventions across the CKD spectrum and life course. Integrating Large Language Models (LLMs) into healthcare promises substantial advancements but requires careful consideration of technical, ethical, and regulatory challenges. Closed LLMs of private companies offer ease of deployment but pose risks related to data privacy and vendor dependence. Open LLMs deployed on local hardware enable greater model customization but demand resources and technical expertise.

Balancing these approaches, with collaboration among clinicians, researchers, and companies is crucial to ensure effective, secure, and ethical implementation. Health economist Jay Bhattacharya, who drew censure for controversial views on COVID-19, vows to provide funding but is short on details. Studies that touch on LGBT health, gender identity and DEI in the biomedical workforce could be terminated, according to documents obtained by Nature. The scale of work to improve therapies for eye disease reflects the importance people place on sight.

List items:  Atom  RSS Feed  Net increase in temperature-related deaths under climate change in Europe Heat-related deaths are estimated to increase more rapidly than cold-related deaths are estimated to decrease under future climate change scenarios across European cities. An unrealistic degree of adaptation to heat would be required to revert this trend, indicating the need for strong policies to reduce greenhouse gases emissions. News  Views03 Mar 2025 Nature Medicine P: 1-2  Generalist medical AI reimbursement challenges and opportunities Generalist AI systems in healthcare can handle multiple complex clinical tasks, unlike narrow AI tools that perform isolated functions. However, current payment systems struggle to capture the value of these integrated capabilities.

We examine potential solutions, including value-based and tiered structures, balancing innovation, equitable access, continuous performance evaluation, and cost-effectiveness to realize generalist AIs transformative potential. Arjun MahajanDylan Powell News  ViewsOpen Access26 Feb 2025 npj Digital Medicine Volume: 8, P: 125  Arjun Mahajan  Dylan Powell  Using oncolytic viruses to induce hyperacute rejection against cancer In a recently reported study, a novel engineered oncolytic Newcastle disease virus encoding porcine α1,3-galactosyltransferase was evaluated in monkeys with CRISPR-induced primary hepatocellular carcinoma and in a phase I clinical trial. The virus induced hyperacute tumour rejection and an objective response rate of 35 in 20 evaluable patients. This approach highlights the promises and challenges of oncolytic virus drug development. Howard L. KaufmanAnn W. Silk News  Views26 Feb 2025 Nature Reviews Clinical Oncology P: 1-2  Howard L. Kaufman  Ann W. Silk  Dentistry  Diagnosis  Disease prevention  Drug regulation  Fracture repair  Geriatrics  Health care economics  Health policy  Health services  Medical ethics  Medical imaging  Nutrition  Occupational health  Paediatrics  Patient education  Prognosis  Public health  Quality of life  Therapeutics  Weight management  Effects of dietary gluten on body weight and gut microbiota in BALB-C mice using 16 S rRNA-Based analysis Merve Sayın DülgerNihal Zekiye ErdemEmek Dümen ResearchOpen Access07 Mar 2025 Scientific Reports Volume: 15, P: 7959  Merve Sayın Dülger  Nihal Zekiye Erdem  Emek Dümen  Assessing the quality and reliability of youtube information on hypertension: a comprehensive analysis Geethiikha JammulaJuhi Ardeshna-ChovatiyaSaumya Joshi Research07 Mar 2025 Journal of Human Hypertension P: 1-5  Geethiikha Jammula  Juhi Ardeshna-Chovatiya  Saumya Joshi  Mulberry leaves supplementation modulates ruminal and fecal bacterial community and metabolites in growing mutton sheep Xiaopeng CuiYuxin YangYonghua Qian ResearchOpen Access07 Mar 2025 Scientific Reports Volume: 15, P: 7923  Xiaopeng Cui  Yuxin Yang  Yonghua Qian  Physical activity, diet, and social determinants of health associate with health related quality of life and fibrosis in MASLD Blake C. CzaplaAnushka DalviVincent L. Chen ResearchOpen Access07 Mar 2025 Scientific Reports Volume: 15, P: 7976  Blake C. Czapla  Anushka Dalvi  Vincent L. Chen  Diversity of intestinal microbiota and inflammatory cytokines after severe trauma Chang-qing LiuJie YangKa Li ResearchOpen Access07 Mar 2025 Scientific Reports Volume: 15, P: 7955  Chang-qing Liu  Jie Yang  Ka Li  RSM and AI based machine learning for quality by design development of rivaroxaban push-pull osmotic tablets and its PBPK modeling Muhammad Talha SaleemMuhammad Harris ShoaibFahad Siddiqui ResearchOpen Access07 Mar 2025 Scientific Reports Volume: 15, P: 7922  Muhammad Talha Saleem  Muhammad Harris Shoaib  Fahad Siddiqui  Systemic interventions towards kidney health equity in American Indian and Alaska Native communities Kidney disease disproportionately affects American Indian and Alaska Native (AIAN) communities, largely owing to adverse social drivers of health that stem from systemic issues including colonization, structural racism and historical trauma.

Kidney health equity for AIAN communities requires systemic and multilevel interventions across the CKD spectrum and life course. Reya H. MokiaoJason F. DeenBessie A. Young Comments  Opinion06 Mar 2025 Nature Reviews Nephrology P: 1-2  Reya H. Mokiao  Jason F. Deen  Bessie A.

Young  Implementing large language models in healthcare while balancing control, collaboration, costs and security Integrating Large Language Models (LLMs) into healthcare promises substantial advancements but requires careful consideration of technical, ethical, and regulatory challenges. Closed LLMs of private companies offer ease of deployment but pose risks related to data privacy and vendor dependence. Open LLMs deployed on local hardware enable greater model customization but demand resources and technical expertise.

Balancing these approaches, with collaboration among clinicians, researchers, and companies is crucial to ensure effective, secure, and ethical implementation. Fabio DennstädtJanna HastingsNikola Cihoric Comments  OpinionOpen Access06 Mar 2025 npj Digital Medicine Volume: 8, P: 143  Fabio Dennstädt  Janna Hastings  Nikola Cihoric  Antimicrobial resistance genes in the oral microbiome Manas DaveRajpal Tattar Comments  OpinionOpen Access06 Mar 2025 Evidence-Based Dentistry P: 1-2  Manas Dave  Rajpal Tattar  Trump's nominee for NIH chief talks frozen grants and fostering scientific dissent Health economist Jay Bhattacharya, who drew censure for controversial views on COVID-19, vows to provide funding but is short on details. Julian Nowogrodzki News06 Mar 2025 Nature  Julian Nowogrodzki  Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants Studies that touch on LGBT health, gender identity and DEI in the biomedical workforce could be terminated, according to documents obtained by Nature.

Max KozlovSmriti Mallapaty News06 Mar 2025 Nature  Max Kozlov  Smriti Mallapaty  Vision: protecting and restoring a prized sense The scale of work to improve therapies for eye disease reflects the importance people place on sight. Richard Hodson Comments  Opinion05 Mar 2025 Nature Volume: 639, P: S1  Richard Hodson  Explore articles by subject  Find a job  Guide to authors  Editorial policies

---

Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants  Featured Content  Advertisement  News  Comment  Latest Reviews  Analysis  Latest Research articles  Collections  Trending - Altmetric  Search  Unknown fate of ice-hunting Moon missions leaves scientists in suspense  How the brain decides whether to persist  and when to give up  Aspirin prevents metastasis by limiting platelet TXA2 suppression of T cell immunity  Daily briefing: PubMed blackout stokes fears about databases future  Unknown fate of ice-hunting Moon missions leaves scientists in suspense  Trump's nominee for NIH chief talks frozen grants and fostering scientific dissent  Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants  Foreign researchers in China face tightening restrictions  Behind every great woman in science, theres another great woman in science  Silence is complicity  universities must fight the anti-DEI crackdown  How much energy will AI really consume? The good, the bad and the unknown  Designer cannabinoids could be the key to pain relief without adverse effects  Its time to shine for LEDs made using ecofriendly quantum dots  How the brain decides when to stick at it, give up or try something new  Genus-wide plant pangenome could inform next-generation crop design  Ancient reef-building corals had a little help from microbial friends  Amazonian deforestation makes the wet season wetter, and the dry season dryer  Diversity in neuronal activity could be caused by differences in inputs  Protein waste turned into antibiotics as a defence strategy of human cells  Perfect potato designed thanks to unearthed genetic diversity  Sensing ceramides by CYSLTR2 and P2RY6 to aggravate atherosclerosis  Aspirin prevents metastasis by limiting platelet TXA2 suppression of T cell immunity  Homogeneous ZnSeTeS quantum dots for efficient and stable pure-blue LEDs  Real-time inference for binary neutron star mergers using machine learning  TIR1-produced cAMP as a second messenger in transcriptional auxin signalling  How Trump 2.0 is reshaping science  Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants  Systematic bone tool production at 1.5 million years ago  Aspirin prevents metastasis by limiting platelet TXA2 suppression of T cell immunity  US science is under threat  now scientists are fighting back  Science jobs  Quick links Studies that touch on LGBT health, gender identity and DEI in the biomedical workforce could be terminated, according to documents obtained by Nature. The Athena lander seems to be in the wrong orientation  but some of its science might be salvaged. Neuroscientists demonstrate how specific neurons in the brainstem control these behavioural strategies in mice.

Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. A temporary blackout of PubMed has researchers concerned over the databases future. Plus, a birds nest offers a time capsule of plastic rubbish. The Athena lander seems to be in the wrong orientation  but some of its science might be salvaged. Current approaches to pain relief are falling short.

Chemically modifying a synthetic cannabinoid could enable scientists to capitalize on the bodys natural pain-killing pathway without evoking drug tolerance or psychoactivity. QLEDs  light-emitting diodes that rely on nanocrystals called quantum dots  are usually made with toxic heavy metals. A strategy has been developed to make QLEDs with a performance comparable to that of commercially available technologies but using a more environmentally friendly alloy of zinc, selenium, tellurium and sulfur, by improving the distribution of the tellurium atoms. To survive, animals must continually decide whether to persevere with their current goal, switch to a new one or disengage altogether.

Three genetically defined types of neuronal cell in a small midbrain area called the median raphe nucleus are shown to control decisions about whether to persevere, explore or disengage. A compilation of genomes from species in the genus Solanum could help scientists to blend the best aspects of productive staple crops and genetically diverse but under-studied indigenous crops. Nitrogen-isotope analysis provides geochemical evidence that, similar to modern corals, some extinct coral groups had a symbiotic association with photosynthetic microorganisms. This photosymbiosis might have contributed to the high productivity of ancient reefs in low-nutrient environments and puts long-term ecological research on ancient reefs into a fresh perspective.

Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. By suppressing compositional heterogeneities in cadmium-free quantum dots, environmentally friendly pure-blue-light-emitting diodes with enhanced efficiencies, lifetimes and spectral purity are achieved, rivalling state-of-the-art cadmium-based blue quantum-dot light-emitting diodes. Analysis of gravitational waves from merging binary neutron stars was accelerated using machine learning, enabling full low-latency parameter estimation and enhancing the potential for multi-messenger observations. cAMP produced by the TIR1AFB receptors of the main endogenous developmental plant hormone auxin acts as a true second messenger, revising the established paradigm of transcriptional auxin signalling. Advertisement Tampa, Florida H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center  Research Institute APPLICATION CLOSING DATE: April 13th, 2025 The integration of Artificial Intelligence, mathematical modelling, and advanced computational simulati... Milan (IT) Human Technopole The Center for Computational Life Sciences offers multiple faculty positions in contemporary AIML andor quantum computational sciences.

Cleveland, Ohio Cleveland Clinic - Computational Life Sciences HT is an interdisciplinary research institute, created and supported by the Italian government, whose aim is to develop innovative strategies to pr... Milan (IT) Human Technopole Das Max-Delbrück-Centrum für Molekulare Medizin in der Helmholtz-Gemeinschaft (Max Delbrück Center) ist ein international führendes biomedizinische... Berlin (DE) Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC) Advertisement Studies that touch on LGBT health, gender identity and DEI in the biomedical workforce could be terminated, according to documents obtained by Nature. The Athena lander seems to be in the wrong orientation  but some of its science might be salvaged. Neuroscientists demonstrate how specific neurons in the brainstem control these behavioural strategies in mice. Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. A temporary blackout of PubMed has researchers concerned over the databases future.

Plus, a birds nest offers a time capsule of plastic rubbish. The Athena lander seems to be in the wrong orientation  but some of its science might be salvaged. Current approaches to pain relief are falling short. Chemically modifying a synthetic cannabinoid could enable scientists to capitalize on the bodys natural pain-killing pathway without evoking drug tolerance or psychoactivity.

QLEDs  light-emitting diodes that rely on nanocrystals called quantum dots  are usually made with toxic heavy metals. A strategy has been developed to make QLEDs with a performance comparable to that of commercially available technologies but using a more environmentally friendly alloy of zinc, selenium, tellurium and sulfur, by improving the distribution of the tellurium atoms. To survive, animals must continually decide whether to persevere with their current goal, switch to a new one or disengage altogether. Three genetically defined types of neuronal cell in a small midbrain area called the median raphe nucleus are shown to control decisions about whether to persevere, explore or disengage.

A compilation of genomes from species in the genus Solanum could help scientists to blend the best aspects of productive staple crops and genetically diverse but under-studied indigenous crops. Nitrogen-isotope analysis provides geochemical evidence that, similar to modern corals, some extinct coral groups had a symbiotic association with photosynthetic microorganisms. This photosymbiosis might have contributed to the high productivity of ancient reefs in low-nutrient environments and puts long-term ecological research on ancient reefs into a fresh perspective. Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis.

By suppressing compositional heterogeneities in cadmium-free quantum dots, environmentally friendly pure-blue-light-emitting diodes with enhanced efficiencies, lifetimes and spectral purity are achieved, rivalling state-of-the-art cadmium-based blue quantum-dot light-emitting diodes. Analysis of gravitational waves from merging binary neutron stars was accelerated using machine learning, enabling full low-latency parameter estimation and enhancing the potential for multi-messenger observations. cAMP produced by the TIR1AFB receptors of the main endogenous developmental plant hormone auxin acts as a true second messenger, revising the established paradigm of transcriptional auxin signalling. List items:  Unknown fate of ice-hunting Moon missions leaves scientists in suspense The Athena lander seems to be in the wrong orientation  but some of its science might be salvaged.

Alexandra Witze News07 Mar 2025  Alexandra Witze  How the brain decides whether to persist  and when to give up Neuroscientists demonstrate how specific neurons in the brainstem control these behavioural strategies in mice. Felicity Nelson News05 Mar 2025  Felicity Nelson  Aspirin prevents metastasis by limiting platelet TXA2 suppression of T cell immunity Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. Jie YangYumi Yamashita-KanemaruRahul Roychoudhuri ArticleOpen Access05 Mar 2025  Jie Yang  Yumi Yamashita-Kanemaru  Rahul Roychoudhuri  Daily briefing: PubMed blackout stokes fears about databases future A temporary blackout of PubMed has researchers concerned over the databases future.

Plus, a birds nest offers a time capsule of plastic rubbish. Flora Graham Nature Briefing05 Mar 2025  Flora Graham  Contents Subscribe Current Issue06 Mar 2025  Contents  Subscribe  Unknown fate of ice-hunting Moon missions leaves scientists in suspense The Athena lander seems to be in the wrong orientation  but some of its science might be salvaged. Alexandra Witze News07 Mar 2025  Alexandra Witze  Trump's nominee for NIH chief talks frozen grants and fostering scientific dissent Julian Nowogrodzki News06 Mar 2025  Julian Nowogrodzki  Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants Max KozlovSmriti Mallapaty News06 Mar 2025  Max Kozlov  Smriti Mallapaty  Foreign researchers in China face tightening restrictions David Matthews News06 Mar 2025  David Matthews  Behind every great woman in science, theres another great woman in science Amanda Heidt Career Feature05 Mar 2025  Amanda Heidt  Silence is complicity  universities must fight the anti-DEI crackdown Rebecca Calisi Rodríguez World View05 Mar 2025  Rebecca Calisi Rodríguez  How much energy will AI really consume?

The good, the bad and the unknown Sophia Chen News Feature05 Mar 2025  Sophia Chen  Designer cannabinoids could be the key to pain relief without adverse effects Current approaches to pain relief are falling short. Chemically modifying a synthetic cannabinoid could enable scientists to capitalize on the bodys natural pain-killing pathway without evoking drug tolerance or psychoactivity. Iain R. GreigRuth A. Ross News  Views05 Mar 2025 Its time to shine for LEDs made using ecofriendly quantum dots QLEDs  light-emitting diodes that rely on nanocrystals called quantum dots  are usually made with toxic heavy metals.

A strategy has been developed to make QLEDs with a performance comparable to that of commercially available technologies but using a more environmentally friendly alloy of zinc, selenium, tellurium and sulfur, by improving the distribution of the tellurium atoms. Research Briefing05 Mar 2025 How the brain decides when to stick at it, give up or try something new To survive, animals must continually decide whether to persevere with their current goal, switch to a new one or disengage altogether. Three genetically defined types of neuronal cell in a small midbrain area called the median raphe nucleus are shown to control decisions about whether to persevere, explore or disengage. Research Briefing05 Mar 2025 Genus-wide plant pangenome could inform next-generation crop design A compilation of genomes from species in the genus Solanum could help scientists to blend the best aspects of productive staple crops and genetically diverse but under-studied indigenous crops. Nadia KamalManuel Spannagl News  Views05 Mar 2025 Ancient reef-building corals had a little help from microbial friends Nitrogen-isotope analysis provides geochemical evidence that, similar to modern corals, some extinct coral groups had a symbiotic association with photosynthetic microorganisms.

This photosymbiosis might have contributed to the high productivity of ancient reefs in low-nutrient environments and puts long-term ecological research on ancient reefs into a fresh perspective. Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  Designer cannabinoids could be the key to pain relief without adverse effects Current approaches to pain relief are falling short. Chemically modifying a synthetic cannabinoid could enable scientists to capitalize on the bodys natural pain-killing pathway without evoking drug tolerance or psychoactivity. Iain R. GreigRuth A. Ross News  Views05 Mar 2025  Iain R. Greig  Ruth A. Ross  Its time to shine for LEDs made using ecofriendly quantum dots QLEDs  light-emitting diodes that rely on nanocrystals called quantum dots  are usually made with toxic heavy metals.

A strategy has been developed to make QLEDs with a performance comparable to that of commercially available technologies but using a more environmentally friendly alloy of zinc, selenium, tellurium and sulfur, by improving the distribution of the tellurium atoms. Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  How the brain decides when to stick at it, give up or try something new To survive, animals must continually decide whether to persevere with their current goal, switch to a new one or disengage altogether. Three genetically defined types of neuronal cell in a small midbrain area called the median raphe nucleus are shown to control decisions about whether to persevere, explore or disengage.

Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  Genus-wide plant pangenome could inform next-generation crop design A compilation of genomes from species in the genus Solanum could help scientists to blend the best aspects of productive staple crops and genetically diverse but under-studied indigenous crops. Nadia KamalManuel Spannagl News  Views05 Mar 2025  Nadia Kamal  Manuel Spannagl  Ancient reef-building corals had a little help from microbial friends Nitrogen-isotope analysis provides geochemical evidence that, similar to modern corals, some extinct coral groups had a symbiotic association with photosynthetic microorganisms. This photosymbiosis might have contributed to the high productivity of ancient reefs in low-nutrient environments and puts long-term ecological research on ancient reefs into a fresh perspective.

Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  Amazonian deforestation makes the wet season wetter, and the dry season dryer Wim Thiery News  Views05 Mar 2025 Diversity in neuronal activity could be caused by differences in inputs Research Briefing05 Mar 2025 Protein waste turned into antibiotics as a defence strategy of human cells Tim Clausen News  Views05 Mar 2025 Perfect potato designed thanks to unearthed genetic diversity Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  Amazonian deforestation makes the wet season wetter, and the dry season dryer Wim Thiery News  Views05 Mar 2025  Wim Thiery  Diversity in neuronal activity could be caused by differences in inputs Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  Protein waste turned into antibiotics as a defence strategy of human cells Tim Clausen News  Views05 Mar 2025  Tim Clausen  Perfect potato designed thanks to unearthed genetic diversity Research Briefing05 Mar 2025  Sensing ceramides by CYSLTR2 and P2RY6 to aggravate atherosclerosis Siting ZhangHui LinWei Kong Article06 Mar 2025  Siting Zhang  Hui Lin  Wei Kong  Aspirin prevents metastasis by limiting platelet TXA2 suppression of T cell immunity Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. Jie YangYumi Yamashita-KanemaruRahul Roychoudhuri ArticleOpen Access05 Mar 2025  Jie Yang  Yumi Yamashita-Kanemaru  Rahul Roychoudhuri  Homogeneous ZnSeTeS quantum dots for efficient and stable pure-blue LEDs By suppressing compositional heterogeneities in cadmium-free quantum dots, environmentally friendly pure-blue-light-emitting diodes with enhanced efficiencies, lifetimes and spectral purity are achieved, rivalling state-of-the-art cadmium-based blue quantum-dot light-emitting diodes. Qianqian WuFan CaoXuyong Yang Article05 Mar 2025  Qianqian Wu  Fan Cao  Xuyong Yang  Real-time inference for binary neutron star mergers using machine learning Analysis of gravitational waves from merging binary neutron stars was accelerated using machine learning, enabling full low-latency parameter estimation and enhancing the potential for multi-messenger observations.

Maximilian DaxStephen R. GreenBernhard Schölkopf ArticleOpen Access05 Mar 2025  Maximilian Dax  Stephen R. Green  Bernhard Schölkopf  TIR1-produced cAMP as a second messenger in transcriptional auxin signalling cAMP produced by the TIR1AFB receptors of the main endogenous developmental plant hormone auxin acts as a true second messenger, revising the established paradigm of transcriptional auxin signalling. Huihuang ChenLinlin QiJiří Friml ArticleOpen Access05 Mar 2025  Huihuang Chen  Linlin Qi  Jiří Friml  Exclusive: NIH to terminate hundreds of active research grants  Systematic bone tool production at 1.5 million years ago  Aspirin prevents metastasis by limiting platelet TXA2 suppression of T cell immunity  US science is under threat  now scientists are fighting back  Cancer Immunology Postdoctoral Fellow Tampa, Florida H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center  Research Institute  Postdoc in Cancer Data Science  Sottoriva Lab, Computational Biology Research Centre APPLICATION CLOSING DATE: April 13th, 2025 The integration of Artificial Intelligence, mathematical modelling, and advanced computational simulati... Milan (IT) Human Technopole  Multiple Faculty Positions - Computational Biomedical Science, Center for Computational Life Science The Center for Computational Life Sciences offers multiple faculty positions in contemporary AIML andor quantum computational sciences. Cleveland, Ohio Cleveland Clinic - Computational Life Sciences  Postdoc - Soskic Group Genomics Research Centre HT is an interdisciplinary research institute, created and supported by the Italian government, whose aim is to develop innovative strategies to pr... Milan (IT) Human Technopole  Administrativer Vorstand (mwd) Das Max-Delbrück-Centrum für Molekulare Medizin in der Helmholtz-Gemeinschaft (Max Delbrück Center) ist ein international führendes biomedizinische... Berlin (DE) Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC)  Explore articles by subject  Find a job  Guide to authors  Editorial policies