Education transforms lives  Advancing education in Africa  Our priorities  Keeping up the momentum to transform education  Long reads  Leading and monitoring education  UNESCO stories  7 ways countries are transforming education  Photo essay: How UNESCO is supporting Afghan girls and women with literacy classes  Key facts  Take action  Video playlist  Calendar  News  Publications  More publications  UNESCO Prizes on education  Subscribe to "Education Transforms Lives" newsletter 19 March to unlock learning and inclusion UNESCO advances key competencies for teachers and learners UNESCO mobilizes for Holocaust remembrance Education transforms lives and is at the heart of UNESCOs mission to build peace, eradicate poverty and drive sustainable development. It is a human right for all throughout life. The Organization is the only United Nations agency with a mandate to cover all aspects of education. It has been entrusted to lead the Global Education 2030 Agenda through Sustainable Development Goal 4.

UNESCO provides global and regional leadership in education, strengthens education systems worldwide and responds to contemporary global challenges through education with gender equality as an underlying principle. Its work encompasses quality educational development from pre-school to higher education and beyond. UNESCO is leading efforts to advance education across Africa, driven by its strong commitment to ensure inclusive, equitable quality education for all.

Various initiatives aimed at improving access to education, enhancing the quality of teaching, and promoting lifelong learning opportunities are making positive impact throughout the continent. Leading the transformation of learning to address the climate crisis as part of education for sustainable development Steering technology in education on our terms Setting a roadmap to build more peaceful, just and sustainable societies Ensuring the right to education in emergencies and building resilience in the face of crisis A new UNESCO report provides insight into how countries are accelerating progress towards the global Sustainable Development Goal on education (SDG 4). Discover examples of countries actions to transform their education systems. UNESCO believes in the transformative power of education for girls and women in Afghanistan and its fundamental impact on the future generation of Afghan people.

Learning how to read and write not only means a better life for girls and women  it also entails a bright future for the society with an empowered population. allocate less than 4 of their GDP to education lack basic literacy skills must be recruited to achieve universal primary and secondary education by 2030 are out of school globally Join UNESCO's right to education campaign Education transforms lives. Every day around the globe. This playlist shows UNESCOs action in education and our vision for the future of learning. 19 March to unlock learning and inclusion UNESCO advances key competencies for teachers and learners UNESCO mobilizes for Holocaust remembrance Education transforms lives and is at the heart of UNESCOs mission to build peace, eradicate poverty and drive sustainable development.

It is a human right for all throughout life. The Organization is the only United Nations agency with a mandate to cover all aspects of education. It has been entrusted to lead the Global Education 2030 Agenda through Sustainable Development Goal 4. UNESCO provides global and regional leadership in education, strengthens education systems worldwide and responds to contemporary global challenges through education with gender equality as an underlying principle.

Its work encompasses quality educational development from pre-school to higher education and beyond. UNESCO is leading efforts to advance education across Africa, driven by its strong commitment to ensure inclusive, equitable quality education for all. Various initiatives aimed at improving access to education, enhancing the quality of teaching, and promoting lifelong learning opportunities are making positive impact throughout the continent.

Leading the transformation of learning to address the climate crisis as part of education for sustainable development Steering technology in education on our terms Setting a roadmap to build more peaceful, just and sustainable societies Ensuring the right to education in emergencies and building resilience in the face of crisis A new UNESCO report provides insight into how countries are accelerating progress towards the global Sustainable Development Goal on education (SDG 4). Discover examples of countries actions to transform their education systems. UNESCO believes in the transformative power of education for girls and women in Afghanistan and its fundamental impact on the future generation of Afghan people.

Learning how to read and write not only means a better life for girls and women  it also entails a bright future for the society with an empowered population. allocate less than 4 of their GDP to education lack basic literacy skills must be recruited to achieve universal primary and secondary education by 2030 are out of school globally Join UNESCO's right to education campaign Education transforms lives. Every day around the globe. This playlist shows UNESCOs action in education and our vision for the future of learning.

List items:  Home  About us Who we are What we do  Who we are  What we do  International cooperation SDG4 coordination G20 Education Working Group Global Education Monitoring Report Global Coalition for Education UNESCO Chairs and UNITWIN Networks Global network of technical and vocational education and training institutions Global network of learning cities  SDG4 coordination  G20 Education Working Group  Global Education Monitoring Report  Global Coalition for Education  UNESCO Chairs and UNITWIN Networks  Global network of technical and vocational education and training institutions  Global network of learning cities  All education themes Protecting the right to education Right to education Education in emergencies Inclusion in education Learning throughout life Lifelong learning Early childhood care and education Literacy and adult learning Higher education Technical and vocational education and training Ensuring gender equality in education Education and gender equality Girls and womens education in science and technology Strengthening education systems Teacher education Education policies and strategies Education management, monitoring and evaluation Assessment for improved learning outcomes Curriculum development Educating for peace and the planet Global citizenship and peace education Education about the Holocaust and genocide Countering hate speech Education for sustainable development Health and education Reimagining education Digital learning and transformation of education Futures of Education  Protecting the right to education Right to education Education in emergencies Inclusion in education  Right to education  Education in emergencies  Inclusion in education  Learning throughout life Lifelong learning Early childhood care and education Literacy and adult learning Higher education Technical and vocational education and training  Lifelong learning  Early childhood care and education  Literacy and adult learning  Higher education  Technical and vocational education and training  Ensuring gender equality in education Education and gender equality Girls and womens education in science and technology  Education and gender equality  Girls and womens education in science and technology  Strengthening education systems Teacher education Education policies and strategies Education management, monitoring and evaluation Assessment for improved learning outcomes Curriculum development  Teacher education  Education policies and strategies  Education management, monitoring and evaluation  Assessment for improved learning outcomes  Curriculum development  Educating for peace and the planet Global citizenship and peace education Education about the Holocaust and genocide Countering hate speech Education for sustainable development Health and education  Global citizenship and peace education  Education about the Holocaust and genocide  Countering hate speech  Education for sustainable development  Health and education  Reimagining education Digital learning and transformation of education Futures of Education  Digital learning and transformation of education  Futures of Education  News and stories All UNESCO news on education Education stories Long reads Subscribe to the Education monthly newsletter  All UNESCO news on education  Education stories  Long reads  Subscribe to the Education monthly newsletter  Resources Publications Databases and tools Statistics Videos National education profiles  Publications  Databases and tools  Statistics  Videos  National education profiles  English

---

UNESCO's reconstruction of Mosul's landmarks  The rebirth of Mosul  A decade of action against antisemitism and Holocaust denial  UNESCO celebrates Multilingualism with a new book published in Hawaiian  Pharrell Williams named UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador  Impact stories  Our Vision : SharingHumanity  Building a Stronger Multilateralism  News  Our shared heritage  The UNESCO Courier Mobilizing US115 million and 15 partners, including the United Arab Emirates and the European Union, UNESCO rehabilitated 124 historical homes, renovated 404 classrooms and created more than 7,700 local jobs, while supporting the recovery of Mosuls cultural and intellectual life. By giving Mosul back its spirit, UNESCO has proved that culture can play an essential role in post-conflict reconstruction and the promotion of peace. UNESCO is the UN agency specifically mandated to promote Holocaust and genocide education. We work with strategic partners to create a future where hate has no place.

Over the past 10 years, through its International Programme on Holocaust and Genocide Education (IPHGE), implemented with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, UNESCO has supported 24 countries across the world to integrate the history of the Holocaust and other violent events into their school curricula. 21 February 2025 marks the 25th anniversary of International Mother Language Day (IMLD). On this occasion, UNESCO and the Ka Haka Ula O Keelikōlani College of Hawaiian Language celebrate the remarkable journey of revitalizing the Hawaiian language.

Audrey Azoulay, Director-General of UNESCO, appointed the American artist as UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for Arts Education and Entrepreneurship on Tuesday, December 17, 2024. Committed to promoting social inclusion, equal opportunity and mutual respect through his various artistic, educational and entrepreneurial initiatives, he thus reaffirms his attachment to UNESCO's values. Since wars begin in the minds of men and women, it is in the minds of men and women that peace must be built.

UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We work to strengthen the intellectual and moral solidarity of humankind and bring out the best in our shared humanity. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System, and as a privileged partner of the Group of 20 (G20). UNESCO shares knowledge, data and expertise to strengthen global coordination in the field of education, the sciences, culture, communication and information, supporting all Member States in the face of current global challenges.

UNESCO supports crisis response in regions impacted by armed conflicts and climate related disasters. We support countries to ensure access to quality education, and safeguard cultural heritage and reconstruction. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System.

Find out more about UNESCO's recent achievements in all fields, in every region of the world. UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We celebrate shared values and collective efforts to build a better future UNESCOs magazine  bringing you local perspectives on global issues since 1948.

Available in 6 languages. of exceptional cultural and natural value. transmitted by communities worldwide.

where humans and nature coexist. that shed light on our planets geological heritage. Mobilizing US115 million and 15 partners, including the United Arab Emirates and the European Union, UNESCO rehabilitated 124 historical homes, renovated 404 classrooms and created more than 7,700 local jobs, while supporting the recovery of Mosuls cultural and intellectual life. By giving Mosul back its spirit, UNESCO has proved that culture can play an essential role in post-conflict reconstruction and the promotion of peace.

UNESCO is the UN agency specifically mandated to promote Holocaust and genocide education. We work with strategic partners to create a future where hate has no place. Over the past 10 years, through its International Programme on Holocaust and Genocide Education (IPHGE), implemented with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, UNESCO has supported 24 countries across the world to integrate the history of the Holocaust and other violent events into their school curricula. 21 February 2025 marks the 25th anniversary of International Mother Language Day (IMLD).

On this occasion, UNESCO and the Ka Haka Ula O Keelikōlani College of Hawaiian Language celebrate the remarkable journey of revitalizing the Hawaiian language. Audrey Azoulay, Director-General of UNESCO, appointed the American artist as UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for Arts Education and Entrepreneurship on Tuesday, December 17, 2024. Committed to promoting social inclusion, equal opportunity and mutual respect through his various artistic, educational and entrepreneurial initiatives, he thus reaffirms his attachment to UNESCO's values. Since wars begin in the minds of men and women, it is in the minds of men and women that peace must be built.

UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We work to strengthen the intellectual and moral solidarity of humankind and bring out the best in our shared humanity. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System, and as a privileged partner of the Group of 20 (G20). UNESCO shares knowledge, data and expertise to strengthen global coordination in the field of education, the sciences, culture, communication and information, supporting all Member States in the face of current global challenges. UNESCO supports crisis response in regions impacted by armed conflicts and climate related disasters.

We support countries to ensure access to quality education, and safeguard cultural heritage and reconstruction. UNESCO stands on the frontline of international cooperation, in close coordination with sister agencies of the UN System. Find out more about UNESCO's recent achievements in all fields, in every region of the world.

UNESCO uses education, science, culture, communication and information to foster mutual understanding and respect for our planet. We celebrate shared values and collective efforts to build a better future UNESCOs magazine  bringing you local perspectives on global issues since 1948. Available in 6 languages. of exceptional cultural and natural value.

transmitted by communities worldwide. where humans and nature coexist. that shed light on our planets geological heritage. ---

Newsroom  UNESCO's action in the Gaza Strip  Palestine  Press Releases  Observatory of Killed Journalists  News  Events  Upcoming International Days  Our Stories Following the Hamas terrorist attack against Israeli civilians on 7 October, the operations of the Israeli army in the Gaza Strip have caused a serious humanitarian crisis affecting all aspects of civilian life.

UNESCO is mobilized within the framework of its mandate for education, culture and press freedom. Following the Hamas terrorist attack against Israeli civilians on 7 October, the operations of the Israeli army in the Gaza Strip have caused a serious humanitarian crisis affecting all aspects of civilian life. UNESCO is mobilized within the framework of its mandate for education, culture and press freedom. List items:  Home  Calendar of Events  Press Releases  News  Stories  Multimedia  Contacts

====================

Overseas masters enrolments down 17 per cent, universities say  Graduate recruiters filter out poorer and minority applicants  Fewer citations after sex misconduct claims, not research fraud  Kingston axes philosophy centre in humanities department shutdown  Best schools for computer science in the US 2025  International Womens Day: top universities led by women  Academy Awards nominations 2025: Where did the Oscar nominees go to university?

Best universities in Nigeria 2025  Africa  Asia  Europe  Middle East  North America  Oceania  South America  United Kingdom  Is authentic assessment leaving some students behind? THE podcast: why we need interdisciplinarity in teaching and research  Make your annual report sing  Are you a jack of all GenAI? Want to teach during your PhD? Heres what you should know  An AI toolkit for all aspects of academic life 150 jobs available 667 jobs available 590 jobs available 158 jobs available 31204 jobs available 245 jobs available 0 jobs available 338 jobs available

---

Looking for the next step in your career? News  In-depth  Did the pandemic change higher education forever?

Opinion  Introducing the Cake-factor  Featured jobs  Talking leadership  Penn State president shares the ABC of student success  Upcoming events  Rankings  More than quarter of worlds top 200 universities led by women  Latest News  UK higher education unions seek ambitious 7 per cent pay rise  Terrifying long-term threat to global research from US cuts  Fundamental change needed at English regulator, Peck told  Top stories  Introducing the Cake-factor  Overseas masters enrolments down 17 per cent, universities say  Kingston axes philosophy centre in humanities department shutdown  Rankings  More than quarter of worlds top 200 universities led by women  Events  Digital Universities Europe 2025  Campus  Is authentic assessment leaving some students behind? North America  Terrifying long-term threat to global research from US cuts  NIH nominee skirts questions on plan to cut indirect cost rates  Fewer citations after sex misconduct claims, not research fraud  Trump stresses transparency but releases little accurate data  Europe  UK higher education unions seek ambitious 7 per cent pay rise  Fundamental change needed at English regulator, Peck told  Pause on US aid to Ukraine extremely negative for universities  Regulator seeks more information on English university finances  Asia  Bleak future for Kerala universities as political spats rage on  Demographic decline hits PhD prospects as academic jobs dry up  Indonesia rules out tuition fee rises after student protests  Double fraud: end Indian academics fake patent scam, UK urged  Australia  New Zealand  Dont muscle up Australian regulator, governance inquiry told  Universities steamrolling the equity sector, paper warns  Computer glitch freezes A1,600 PhD visa applications  University of Melbourne bans indoor protests  UK higher education unions seek ambitious 7 per cent pay rise  Terrifying long-term threat to global research from US cuts  Fundamental change needed at English regulator, Peck told  Pause on US aid to Ukraine extremely negative for universities  Dont muscle up Australian regulator, governance inquiry told  Bleak future for Kerala universities as political spats rage on  Overseas masters enrolments down 17 per cent, universities say  Kingston axes philosophy centre in humanities department shutdown  Cambridge veterinary course to continue despite quality concerns  Regulator seeks more information on English university finances  Demographic decline hits PhD prospects as academic jobs dry up  Ethnicity grant-awarding gap widens with age for EPSRC applicants  How Catholic should a Catholic university be? Could Indian branch campuses bail out struggling Western universities? Sampled vivas are pivotal in combating AI cheating  One-word university ratings are fools gold  The crisis in UK higher education is a national security issue  If Republicans really want to help their voters, they should boost HE  One would-be Romanian president is a plagiarist.

But will voters care? US universities must not obey Trump and Musk in advance  World policy  The demise of Indias journal whitelist highlights regulatory challenges  Editors pick  University libraries must be access brokers, not knowledge repositories  Most read  Only a nationwide strike can stem the carnage in UK higher education  End of Nottinghams expansive era leaves new v-c taking stock  Accepting ethnic graduation gap is macroscopic microaggression  Digital Universities Europe 2025  Africa Universities Summit 2025  HashtagHigherEd UK 2025  Times Higher Education Africa Universities Summit 2025 to take place in Rwanda  Innovation Summit: interdisciplinarity key to Indian space sector  Innovation Summit: call to rethink promotion criteria to help women  Innovation Summit: use AI to fix broken courses, not scale them  Were investing in data quality to strengthen our rankings  World Reputation Rankings 2025: results announced  Interdisciplinary Science Rankings survey 2026 now open  World Reputation Rankings 2025: methodology  More than 2,500 universities submit data for Impact Rankings  Subject Rankings 2025: do top universities need arts and humanities? Research assessment has made huge progress but measurement of community remains half-baked, say Mats Persson and Jan Ch.

Karlsson Number of female university leaders reaches record high, with Switzerland seeing biggest growth Inflation-busting rise demanded despite thousands of job cuts across sector, and as University and College Unions own staff vote to strike again Yale University joins several other leading research institutions in pausing hiring or spending Potential new chair with long history in higher education welcomed by universities but Office for Students told it still has work to do to address long-running grievances When Covid-19 forced the sudden closure of campuses, conference venues and national borders, many predicted that academia would emerge from the experience forever changed. But five years on from the first wave of lockdowns, how accurate has that proved to be? Juliette Rowsell reports Disagreements over the extent to which Catholic teaching should influence academic practice have caused ructions at the Australian Catholic University. But where exactly should the line between academic freedom and spiritual doctrine be drawn in a church-owned university?

John Ross reports Indias opening up to overseas outposts has injected new life into a form of transnational education that many observers had considered to be moribund. But will the clutch of early adopters blaze a successful trail for others to follow? And what exactly would that look like?

Helen Packer reports Research assessment has made huge progress but measurement of community remains half-baked, say Mats Persson and Jan Ch. Karlsson AI is here to stay but universities must teach students to use it responsibly, say Duncan Brumby, Anna Cox, Advait Sarkar and Sandy Gould Rather than designating Englands universities gold, silver or bronze the TEF should promote deeper understanding of teaching quality, says Steve Briggs The recent arrest of accreditation council members only underlines that competence of regulation is as much of an issue as its degree, says Pushkar Subscribing to nearly everything published by journals is no longer feasible in these financially straitened times but librarians can provide creative workarounds to ensure journal access, says Liam Bullingham Limiting industrial action to defensive branch battles on redundancy is not enough. We need to politically challenge the HE funding model, says Rhiannon Lockley Neeli Bendapudi on being an outsider and a trailblazer, students as customers and nurturing the worlds largest alumni network Jane Norman eyes more focused approach for university after decades of rapid growth, with new financial paradigm forcing hard conversations I want to understand as best we can quantitatively, what are the things that lead to our students leaving?

says University of Colorado Boulder leader THE summit in Kigali to discuss challenges and opportunities facing African higher education Generalists are needed to help India achieve its ambitious space goals, THE summit hears Traditional progression metrics and unbalanced governing bodies holding female academics back, say experts Impact of AI on education may be overestimated unless used to rethink traditions, says technologist Number of female university leaders reaches record high, with Switzerland seeing biggest growth The use of generative AI and a new engine drawing on data from government agencies are among the ways in which were doubling down on quality, says David Watkins The benefits of a strong brand are accruing for universities and academics alike. Jack Grove explores why reputation matters  and examines the latest results in the list of the worlds most prestigious universities Questionnaire seeks responses from social science academics for first time The newly relaunched ranking aims to provide the definitive list of the worlds most prestigious universities according to academics around the globe Asia and Africa participation numbers each increase by 25 per cent Despite Asias success elsewhere, its leading universities are still struggling to compete globally in arts and humanities. Patrick Jack asks whether that needs to change for them to be considered world-class List items:  Digital Universities Europe 2025 10 March - 12 March 2025 Wroclaw, Poland  Digital Universities Europe 2025 10 March - 12 March 2025 Wroclaw, Poland Digital innovation for the society of the future Institutions across Europe are facing a dramatically changing world as digital technologies and AI reveal new possibilities for harnessing universities data to create agile transformation in education and society. This event will bring together higher education, industry and policy leaders working to accelerate change in teaching and learning, assessment, administration and the student experience, as digital technologies reveal new possibilities.

We will provide the tools and knowledge to realise these opportunities, as well as a forum to determine the codes of ethical conduct required in a digital-first future. In Partnership with  Africa Universities Summit 2025 18 March - 20 March 2025 Kigali, Rwanda United leadership: Harnessing African education for sustainable growth The summit will bring together partners from higher education, industry, policy and civil society to discuss the greatest challenges and opportunities facing African higher education and broader society. Join thought leaders, experts and changemakers to explore the importance of equitable partnerships, promoting sustainability in higher education, harnessing digital transformation for good, and improving the quality of research and employability.

HashtagHigherEd UK 2025 31 March - 1 April 2025 Lancaster, United Kingdom Creating bold brands for the universities of tomorrow This event will bring together market-leading experts to have conversations on the most common challenges in marketing, communications, branding, and recruitment. Over two dynamic days, we will explore examples of successful campaigns and practices. ---

World University Rankings  Global rankings  Impact rankings  Teaching rankings  Other rankings  Global University Rankings 2025  Global university rankings 2024  Subject rankings 2025  Read more about our global rankings  Regional and thematic rankings  Teaching rankings  Join the First Global Directory for Verified Business Schools  pq_business_school.jpg  World University Rankings 2025  Interdisciplinary Science Rankings 2025  World Reputation Rankings 2025: top universities by prestige  University Impact Rankings 2024  World Reputation Rankings 2025: results announced  Subject Rankings 2025: do top universities need arts and humanities? World University Rankings 2025: Oxford top but UK and US at risk  Impact Rankings 2024: results announced  Arab University Rankings 2024  Explore the top ranked universities in the Arab region  Asia University Rankings 2024  Latin America University Rankings 2024  Explore the top ranked universities in Latin America and the Caribbean  Sub-Saharan Africa University Rankings 2024  Explore the top ranked universities in Sub-Saharan Africa  Japan University Rankings 2023 Discover the Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2025, which ranks more than 2,000 institutions from 115 countries and territories.

Discover the top universities worldwide for interdisciplinary science research with the inaugural Times Higher Education Interdisciplinary Science Rankings. Explore the Times Higher Education World Reputation Rankings 2025, revealing the top universities for academic reputation and prestige globally. Discover the top universities pursuing sustainable development goals with the Times Higher Education Impact Rankings 2024, which ranks 2,152 universities. The benefits of a strong brand are accruing for universities and academics alike. Jack Grove explores why reputation matters  and examines the latest results in the list of the worlds most prestigious universities Despite Asias success elsewhere, its leading universities are still struggling to compete globally in arts and humanities.

Patrick Jack asks whether that needs to change for them to be considered world-class Oxford breaks record at number one spot, defying trend of declining UK reputation Universities have helped some countries become leaders in fields linked to specific SDGs, thanks to their outreach efforts, meticulous data collection and creative campuscommunity initiatives. Rosa Ellis reports The Times Higher Education Asia University Rankings 2024 use the same 18 performance indicators as the THE World University Rankings, but they are recalibrated to reflect the attr The Times Higher Education Japan University Rankings 2023 are designed to answer the questions that matter most to students and their families when making one of the most important decisions of their lives  who to trust with their educat