Latest News  Most Popular  Storylines  Upcoming Events  Startups  Watch these Google DeepMind robots play a game of soccer  AI  Security  Venture  Apps  Transportation  In Brief  Podcasts  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Why VCs ghost founders, or reject deals and never speak to the founder again  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases  Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated  Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software  OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents  Alphabet earnings live updates: AI, Gemini 2.0, Google Cloud, and more  Tesla earnings live updates: Promising return to growth and cheaper cars  Samsung Unpacked 2025 live updates: Galaxy S25, new AI features, and more  Live Updates CES 2025: The final reveals and analysis as the event nears its end  Live Updates: 12 Days of OpenAI ChatGPT announcements and reveals  AWS re:Invent 2024: Live updates from Amazons biggest event  TechCrunch Disrupt 2024: Tony Fadell, Mary Barra, Colin Kaepernick, and a new Startup Battlefield winner  Tesla We, Robot event: Everything Elon Musk just showed, including the Cybercab, Robovan, and more  Newsletters  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  What is Mistral AI? Everything to know about the OpenAI competitor  TechCrunch Sessions: AI speaker applications close tomorrow, submit yours today  Watch these Google DeepMind robots play a game of soccer  ByteDance enters the deepfake AI video arena  Based Hardware wants to hack your life with an AI brain interface  Pebbles EV camping trailer is for digital nomads  Watch Unitrees off-roading, rideable robot  Watch this 1-horsepower outdoor exoskeleton in action  2025 could be the year of Samsungs Ballie  Watch Xpeng Aero HTs flying car in action  Check out Hallidays take on smart glasses  Check out the futuristic Honda 0 SUV  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  The biggest breach of US government data is under way  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order  Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation  Armis buys Otorio for 120M to beef up cybersecurity in physical spaces  Why VCs ghost founders, or reject deals and never speak to the founder again  Is Silicon Valley still the best place for startups? Insight Partners Ryan Hinkle doesnt think so. Growth at all costs is destroying the internet. PR maven Ed Zitron says thats an opportunity for startups.

Can Kevin Rose and Alexis Ohanian bring Digg back? African VC LoftyInc Capital launches third fund for seed and Series A, reaches 43M first close  Foundation Capital, an early backer of Solana and Cerebras, raises 600M fund  The decline in funding has hit male and female-led startups equally, but women out-raise men in DeepTech  General Catalyst loses three top investors as the firm expands beyond venture, contemplates IPO  Spotify says its fixing the bug that caused Premium users to hear ads  Reddit adds new tools to help users contribute and connect across its platform  Apple adds AI-powered app review summaries with iOS 18.4  Google Searchs new AI Mode lets users ask complex, multi-part questions  EU must fully apply its market fairness rulebook on Google, search rivals urge  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  VWs cheapest EV will have Rivian DNA and who is bidding for Canoos assets  Founder of battery startup Our Next Energy returns as CEO following new funding  How Ubers new product chief is gearing up for robotaxis  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  Christies AI art auction reportedly exceeds expectations  Anthropic submits AI policy recommendations to the White House  Catalan court says NSO Group executives can be charged in spyware investigation  Equity  StrictlyVC Download Top Headlines SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents Catch up on trending topics San Francisco  April 3, 2025 UC Berkeley  June 5, 2025 Menlo Park  June 18, 2025 Boston  July 15, 2025 San Francisco  October 27  29, 2025 Subscribe for the industrys biggest tech news Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunchs coverage. Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly. Get the best of our coverage, delivered to your inbox every Saturday.

TechCrunch Mobility is your destination for transportation news and insight. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. Researchers at Google DeepMind published a demonstration of miniature humanoid robots playing a one-on-one game of soccer. More From: Equity is TechCrunchs flagship podcast about the business of startups, unpacked by the writers who know best. Produced by Theresa Loconsolo.

Edited by Kell. Each week, StrictlyVCs host and TechCrunch Editor-in-Chief Connie Loizos, with Alex Gove, former journalist, VC and operating exec, review the top stories in StrictlyVC and interview a mover and shaker in the world of tech. SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents List items:  Sean O'Kane  Charles Rollet  Sean O'Kane  Kyle Wiggers  Mary Ann Azevedo  Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Ivan Mehta  Space SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Sean O'Kane 10 hours ago  Sean O'Kane  In Brief Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Space A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over Sean O'Kane 11 hours ago  Sean O'Kane  In Brief Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems Kyle Wiggers 12 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Startups Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor Charles Rollet 12 hours ago  Charles Rollet  AI ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases Sarah Perez 13 hours ago  Sarah Perez  Security Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order Zack Whittaker 13 hours ago  Zack Whittaker  AI Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers Kyle Wiggers 13 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech Charles Rollet 13 hours ago  Charles Rollet  Security Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai 14 hours ago  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Sean O'Kane  Sean O'Kane  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor Charles Rollet  Charles Rollet  UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites Carly Page  Carly Page  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Ivan Mehta  Ivan Mehta  Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software Kirsten Korosec Sean O'Kane  Kirsten Korosec  Sean O'Kane  OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Charles Rollet  Charles Rollet  Anna Heim  TechCrunch Events  Robotics Watch these Google DeepMind robots play a game of soccer TC Video Feb 12, 2025  TC Video  AI ByteDance enters the deepfake AI video arena TC Video Feb 10, 2025  TC Video  AI Based Hardware wants to hack your life with an AI brain interface TC Video Feb 5, 2025  TC Video  Transportation Pebbles EV camping trailer is for digital nomads TC Video Feb 1, 2025  TC Video  Robotics Watch Unitrees off-roading, rideable robot TC Video Jan 19, 2025  TC Video  Robotics Watch this 1-horsepower outdoor exoskeleton in action TC Video Jan 13, 2025  TC Video  Robotics 2025 could be the year of Samsungs Ballie TC Video Jan 12, 2025  TC Video  Robotics Watch Xpeng Aero HTs flying car in action TC Video Jan 12, 2025  TC Video  AI Check out Hallidays take on smart glasses TC Video Jan 11, 2025  TC Video  Transportation Check out the futuristic Honda 0 SUV TC Video Jan 11, 2025  TC Video  Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Charles Rollet  Sarah Perez  Kyle Wiggers  Zack Whittaker  Kyle Wiggers  Zack Whittaker  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai  Ingrid Lunden  Mary Ann Azevedo  Theresa Loconsolo  Julie Bort  Rebecca Bellan  Maggie Stamets  Tage Kene-Okafor  Marina Temkin  Mike Butcher  Marina Temkin  Sarah Perez  Aisha Malik  Sarah Perez  Aisha Malik  Natasha Lomas  Sean O'Kane  Sean O'Kane  Kirsten Korosec  Tim De Chant  Kirsten Korosec  In Brief Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems Kyle Wiggers 12 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech Charles Rollet 13 hours ago  Charles Rollet  In Brief Christies AI art auction reportedly exceeds expectations Kyle Wiggers 15 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Anthropic submits AI policy recommendations to the White House Kyle Wiggers 19 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Catalan court says NSO Group executives can be charged in spyware investigation Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai 2 days ago  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai

---

Latest News  Most Popular  Storylines  Upcoming Events  Startups  Watch these Google DeepMind robots play a game of soccer  AI  Security  Venture  Apps  Transportation  In Brief  Podcasts  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Why VCs ghost founders, or reject deals and never speak to the founder again  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases  Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated  Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software  OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents  Alphabet earnings live updates: AI, Gemini 2.0, Google Cloud, and more  Tesla earnings live updates: Promising return to growth and cheaper cars  Samsung Unpacked 2025 live updates: Galaxy S25, new AI features, and more  Live Updates CES 2025: The final reveals and analysis as the event nears its end  Live Updates: 12 Days of OpenAI ChatGPT announcements and reveals  AWS re:Invent 2024: Live updates from Amazons biggest event  TechCrunch Disrupt 2024: Tony Fadell, Mary Barra, Colin Kaepernick, and a new Startup Battlefield winner  Tesla We, Robot event: Everything Elon Musk just showed, including the Cybercab, Robovan, and more  Newsletters  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  What is Mistral AI?

Everything to know about the OpenAI competitor  TechCrunch Sessions: AI speaker applications close tomorrow, submit yours today  Watch these Google DeepMind robots play a game of soccer  ByteDance enters the deepfake AI video arena  Based Hardware wants to hack your life with an AI brain interface  Pebbles EV camping trailer is for digital nomads  Watch Unitrees off-roading, rideable robot  Watch this 1-horsepower outdoor exoskeleton in action  2025 could be the year of Samsungs Ballie  Watch Xpeng Aero HTs flying car in action  Check out Hallidays take on smart glasses  Check out the futuristic Honda 0 SUV  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  The biggest breach of US government data is under way  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order  Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation  Armis buys Otorio for 120M to beef up cybersecurity in physical spaces  Why VCs ghost founders, or reject deals and never speak to the founder again  Is Silicon Valley still the best place for startups? Insight Partners Ryan Hinkle doesnt think so. Growth at all costs is destroying the internet. PR maven Ed Zitron says thats an opportunity for startups. Can Kevin Rose and Alexis Ohanian bring Digg back?

African VC LoftyInc Capital launches third fund for seed and Series A, reaches 43M first close  Foundation Capital, an early backer of Solana and Cerebras, raises 600M fund  The decline in funding has hit male and female-led startups equally, but women out-raise men in DeepTech  General Catalyst loses three top investors as the firm expands beyond venture, contemplates IPO  Spotify says its fixing the bug that caused Premium users to hear ads  Reddit adds new tools to help users contribute and connect across its platform  Apple adds AI-powered app review summaries with iOS 18.4  Google Searchs new AI Mode lets users ask complex, multi-part questions  EU must fully apply its market fairness rulebook on Google, search rivals urge  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  VWs cheapest EV will have Rivian DNA and who is bidding for Canoos assets  Founder of battery startup Our Next Energy returns as CEO following new funding  How Ubers new product chief is gearing up for robotaxis  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  Christies AI art auction reportedly exceeds expectations  Anthropic submits AI policy recommendations to the White House  Catalan court says NSO Group executives can be charged in spyware investigation  Equity  StrictlyVC Download Top Headlines SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents Catch up on trending topics San Francisco  April 3, 2025 UC Berkeley  June 5, 2025 Menlo Park  June 18, 2025 Boston  July 15, 2025 San Francisco  October 27  29, 2025 Subscribe for the industrys biggest tech news Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunchs coverage. Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly. Get the best of our coverage, delivered to your inbox every Saturday. TechCrunch Mobility is your destination for transportation news and insight. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice.

Researchers at Google DeepMind published a demonstration of miniature humanoid robots playing a one-on-one game of soccer. More From: Equity is TechCrunchs flagship podcast about the business of startups, unpacked by the writers who know best. Produced by Theresa Loconsolo. Edited by Kell.

Each week, StrictlyVCs host and TechCrunch Editor-in-Chief Connie Loizos, with Alex Gove, former journalist, VC and operating exec, review the top stories in StrictlyVC and interview a mover and shaker in the world of tech. SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents List items:  Sean O'Kane  Charles Rollet  Sean O'Kane  Kyle Wiggers  Mary Ann Azevedo  Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Ivan Mehta  Space SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Sean O'Kane 10 hours ago  Sean O'Kane  In Brief Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Space A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over Sean O'Kane 11 hours ago  Sean O'Kane  In Brief Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems Kyle Wiggers 12 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Startups Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor Charles Rollet 12 hours ago  Charles Rollet  AI ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases Sarah Perez 13 hours ago  Sarah Perez  Security Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order Zack Whittaker 13 hours ago  Zack Whittaker  AI Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers Kyle Wiggers 13 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech Charles Rollet 13 hours ago  Charles Rollet  Security Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai 14 hours ago  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Sean O'Kane  Sean O'Kane  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor Charles Rollet  Charles Rollet  UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites Carly Page  Carly Page  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Ivan Mehta  Ivan Mehta  Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software Kirsten Korosec Sean O'Kane  Kirsten Korosec  Sean O'Kane  OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Charles Rollet  Charles Rollet  Anna Heim  TechCrunch Events  Robotics Watch these Google DeepMind robots play a game of soccer TC Video Feb 12, 2025  TC Video  AI ByteDance enters the deepfake AI video arena TC Video Feb 10, 2025  TC Video  AI Based Hardware wants to hack your life with an AI brain interface TC Video Feb 5, 2025  TC Video  Transportation Pebbles EV camping trailer is for digital nomads TC Video Feb 1, 2025  TC Video  Robotics Watch Unitrees off-roading, rideable robot TC Video Jan 19, 2025  TC Video  Robotics Watch this 1-horsepower outdoor exoskeleton in action TC Video Jan 13, 2025  TC Video  Robotics 2025 could be the year of Samsungs Ballie TC Video Jan 12, 2025  TC Video  Robotics Watch Xpeng Aero HTs flying car in action TC Video Jan 12, 2025  TC Video  AI Check out Hallidays take on smart glasses TC Video Jan 11, 2025  TC Video  Transportation Check out the futuristic Honda 0 SUV TC Video Jan 11, 2025  TC Video  Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Charles Rollet  Sarah Perez  Kyle Wiggers  Zack Whittaker  Kyle Wiggers  Zack Whittaker  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai  Ingrid Lunden  Mary Ann Azevedo  Theresa Loconsolo  Julie Bort  Rebecca Bellan  Maggie Stamets  Tage Kene-Okafor  Marina Temkin  Mike Butcher  Marina Temkin  Sarah Perez  Aisha Malik  Sarah Perez  Aisha Malik  Natasha Lomas  Sean O'Kane  Sean O'Kane  Kirsten Korosec  Tim De Chant  Kirsten Korosec  In Brief Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems Kyle Wiggers 12 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech Charles Rollet 13 hours ago  Charles Rollet  In Brief Christies AI art auction reportedly exceeds expectations Kyle Wiggers 15 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Anthropic submits AI policy recommendations to the White House Kyle Wiggers 19 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Catalan court says NSO Group executives can be charged in spyware investigation Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai 2 days ago  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai

---

Latest News  Most Popular  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over  Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases  Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order  Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers  Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech  Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation  Christies AI art auction reportedly exceeds expectations  ChatGPT on macOS can now directly edit code  Spotify says its fixing the bug that caused Premium users to hear ads  What is Mistral AI? Everything to know about the OpenAI competitor  VWs cheapest EV will have Rivian DNA and who is bidding for Canoos assets  Founder of battery startup Our Next Energy returns as CEO following new funding  TechCrunch Sessions: AI speaker applications close tomorrow, submit yours today  OpenAIs ex-policy lead criticizes the company for rewriting its AI safety history  Mistral adds a new API that turns any PDF document into an AI-ready Markdown file  Intangible, a no-code 3D creation tool for filmmakers and game designers, raises 4M  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor  UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated  Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software  OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents You need to be logged in to use this feature. SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents List items:  Space SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Sean O'Kane 9 hours ago  Sean O'Kane  In Brief Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Space A second Intuitive Machines spacecraft just landed on the moon  and probably tipped over Sean O'Kane 11 hours ago  Sean O'Kane  In Brief Anthropics Claude Code tool had a bug that bricked some systems Kyle Wiggers 11 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Startups Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor Charles Rollet 12 hours ago  Charles Rollet  AI ChatGPT doubled its weekly active users in under 6 months, thanks to new releases Sarah Perez 12 hours ago  Sarah Perez  Security Hacked health firm HCRG demanded journalist take down data breach reporting, citing UK court order Zack Whittaker 12 hours ago  Zack Whittaker  AI Hugging Faces chief science officer worries AI is becoming yes-men on servers Kyle Wiggers 12 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  In Brief Shield AI raises 240M at a 5.3B valuation to commercialize its AI drone tech Charles Rollet 12 hours ago  Charles Rollet  Security Russian crypto exchange Garantex seized by law enforcement operation Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai 14 hours ago  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai  In Brief Christies AI art auction reportedly exceeds expectations Kyle Wiggers 14 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  AI ChatGPT on macOS can now directly edit code Kyle Wiggers 14 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  Media  Entertainment Spotify says its fixing the bug that caused Premium users to hear ads Sarah Perez 14 hours ago  Sarah Perez  AI What is Mistral AI?

Everything to know about the OpenAI competitor Anna Heim 15 hours ago  Anna Heim  Transportation VWs cheapest EV will have Rivian DNA and who is bidding for Canoos assets Kirsten Korosec 15 hours ago  Kirsten Korosec  Climate Founder of battery startup Our Next Energy returns as CEO following new funding Tim De Chant 15 hours ago  Tim De Chant  TC Sessions: AI TechCrunch Sessions: AI speaker applications close tomorrow, submit yours today TechCrunch Events 15 hours ago  TechCrunch Events  AI OpenAIs ex-policy lead criticizes the company for rewriting its AI safety history Kyle Wiggers 16 hours ago  Kyle Wiggers  AI Mistral adds a new API that turns any PDF document into an AI-ready Markdown file Romain Dillet 16 hours ago  Romain Dillet  Startups Intangible, a no-code 3D creation tool for filmmakers and game designers, raises 4M Lauren Forristal 16 hours ago  Lauren Forristal  SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure Sean O'Kane  Sean O'Kane  Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers  Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor Charles Rollet  Charles Rollet  UK quietly scrubs encryption advice from government websites Carly Page  Carly Page  A quarter of startups in YCs current cohort have codebases that are almost entirely AI-generated Ivan Mehta  Ivan Mehta  Volkswagens cheapest EV ever is the first to use Rivian software Kirsten Korosec Sean O'Kane  Kirsten Korosec  Sean O'Kane  OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to 20,000 a month for specialized AI agents Kyle Wiggers  Kyle Wiggers

====================

Top Stories  Todays Storystream  Most Popular  Just For You  Tech  Podcasts  Science  Split Fiction doesnt need to be original when the co-op play is this good  Instacart is getting restaurant delivery  thanks to Uber Eats  Creators  Entertainment  This is the title for the native ad Skype was once a pioneering VoIP service, but Microsoft effectively killed it 10 years ago. Feed refreshed 6 seconds ago XO MWC The unexploded bomb was discovered overnight in the Saint-Denis suburb of Paris during works on the tracks, halting the Eurostar and all other local trains at Gare du Nord, Frances busiest station. Impacted Eurostar travellers are being asked to move their journey to a different date. Old bombs like this are a regular discovery due to how often railyards in Paris were targeted during wartime, but theyre rarely uncovered in such a densely populated area. [bbc.co.uk] The retro games becoming available to Switch Online members for March 2025 hail from the Game Boy library, and with Mar10 Day just around the corner, you can guess who is featured.

Donkey Kong  Donkey Kong 94 starts with the arcade games four levels, then adds on 97 additional stages, while Marios Picross joins the SNES version that popped up in the Switch Online catalog a few years ago. The New York Times reports Trump signed an EO Thursday evening to establish a Strategic Bitcoin Reserve and a U.S. Digital Asset Stockpile consisting of crypto assets owned by the Treasury forfeited in criminal or civil cases. In a video, the president prepared to sign as a voice offscreen called it like a digital Fort Knox for digital gold, however CoinDesk notes that not everyone in crypto feels like they got what they paid for yet, with one exec calling it the most underwhelming and disappointing outcome we could have expected for this week.

[whitehouse.gov] As part of the DOGE-directed reshaping of the federal government, General Services Administration listed more than 400 federal properties designated for disposal earlier this week, before replacing them with a coming soon message. That could be because 14 of them were in a warehouse complex also housing the worst-kept secret in Springfield, a U-shaped building that Bloomberg Law says doesnt appear in federal property records but has long been associated with the Central Intelligence Agency. Wired has more details.

[wired.com] SpaceX recently listed some explanations for how its seventh Starship flight test ended, and now another report is coming. Flight 8s launch and Super Heavy booster rocket separation was successful, with the booster returning to the pad. However, before reaching the engine cutoff point nearly nine minutes into the flight, the Starship began to tumble, then exploded (according to SpaceX, ...experienced a rapid unscheduled disassembly and contact was lost) without attempting its planned payload deploy demo. The resulting debris field caused the FAA to issue a ground stop order at several Florida airports until 8PM ET.

The new State Department program, called Catch and Revoke, will use AI to review the social media accounts of tens of thousands of students who are in the US on visas, Axios reports. State Department sources tell Axios that officials plan on combing through internal databases to see if any international students were arrested in pro-Palestine demonstrations since October 2023  and that the department is working with the Department of Homeland Security to ensure a whole of government and whole of authority approach. Rubio, the new Secretary of State, has been calling for the revocation of student visas for pro-Palestine protesters since October 2023. [axios.com] The company, called Dynatomics, aims to use large language models to create highly optimized designs for a wide variety of objects and then have a factory build them, according to a report from The Information.

The team is reportedly led by Chris Anderson, who previously served as the CTO of Pages now-shuttered flying car startup Kitty Hawk. [theinformation.com] An Xbox Support page describes Bluetooth connectivity and performance with some older non-Xbox devices, that might result as a part of the 5.23.5.0 firmware, and sas owners can now revert the update, but thats about it. However, some gamers have been complaining for weeks of thumbstick issues, and Ive also noticed some odd behavior. The controller customizers at Battle Beaver Customs said the update added a limitation to the max range of thumbstick values and a virtual dead zone, but Microsoft hasnt confirmed whether thats the issue its fixing.

[support.xbox.com] Waymo has been testing the new vehicle for months now, but always with camouflage. Now it seems like the wrapping is coming off, thanks to this video captured by YouTube channel I Love Vehicles. As some Reddit users noted, the rear lidar in particular could prove tempting to folks looking to do some chin-ups.

Me? Im just amazed that Waymo is able to clear all the tariffs and restrictions on Chinese-made electric vehicles. Waymo says it doesnt expect to receive the bulk of deliveries from Zeekr until late 2025. Who knows what tariffs will be in place by then!

Through an upcoming automatic software update, Victrola is expanding the wireless compatibility of its Works With Sonos turntables to include Bluetooth, Roon, and UPnP, allowing them to connect to other speakers and audio gear. This functionality was already introduced in 2024 with the premium Victrola Stream Sapphire, but is now being added to its Stream Carbon, Stream Pearl, and Stream Onyx turntables, as spotted by Engadget. Volkswagen previewed its ultra-low cost 20,000 ID EVERY1 electric vehicle yesterday, but the press material didnt mention that its the first EV to launch with technology developed by Rivian, thanks to their 5.8 billion joint venture.

Thankfully, TechCrunch got the inside info. Notably, VWs 25,000 ID.2all, coming in 2026, will be built on E3 1.1 stack developed by VWs software unit Cariad. I find it very interesting that VW is tasking Rivian to develop a central nervous system for its cheapest model first. [techcrunch.com] In Government Cheese, Apples new comedy co-created by Paul Hunter and Aeysha Carr, an unusual family living in late 60s San Francisco find their lives turned upside down when the head of the house (David Oyelowo) is freed from a stint in prison. Hampton Chambers (Oyelowo) has a plan to make it big after he invents a new kind of self-sharpening drill, but the process of making his dreams real winds up being more convoluted than he could anticipate.

The show debuts April 16th. Photographer Charles Brooks is known for his captivating photos inside musical instruments, so Australias ANSTO invited him to capture the inside of a new part being installed on its synchotron particle accelerator. Brooks told PetaPixel that engineers had to test his Storz endoscopic lens for magnetism so it wouldnt get sucked into the machine. He used a focus stacking technique that merged 120 images to create a final composite photo that seems to go on forever. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime, you can claim games like Saints Row: The Third Remastered, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood, Deus Ex: Invisible War, and The Forgotten City this month as part of your subscription.

Amazon has a full list of games available in a blog post. There are rumors that Fujifilm will expand its medium format camera offerings with a fixed-lens compact GFX1000RF, akin an X100VI with a much larger 100-megapixel sensor. Fujifilm teased a new camera in the video for its upcoming X Summit, and Fujirumors has posted two leaked images showing more. It would likely cost much more than the popular and still-scarce X100VI, possibly competing more with the 6,300 full-frame Leica Q3.

The news follows the January announcement that uBreakiFix will be able to do in-person Xbox Series X  S repairs. [asurion.com] The circular account icon at the top right of the browser has been updated for Chrome Enterprise users. Companies can now add the workplace name beside their staffers user icon  making it easier to identify for people who jump between several Google accounts.

While we wait for season 2 of The Last of Us on HBO (and maybe, but probably not, a third video game) Sony is putting out a new special edition PS5 controller. Its covered in TLOU iconography and launches on April 10th  just a few days before the show premieres. Arianespace CEO Stéphane Israël has said that Ariane 6 is key to giving Europe an autonomous access to space, despite delays that pushed its debut from 2020 all the way to 2024.

Now its made a second successful launch, with the VA 263 mission carrying CSO-3, an optical spy satellite for the French military. The CW canceled its live-action Powerpuff Girls adaptation starring Chloe Bennet as Blossom, Dove Cameron, as Bubbles, and Yana Perrault as Buttercup before the series ever got a chance to air. Behind-the-scenes set photos have been floating around on the internet for years, but a full-on trailer showcasing what could have been was posted to YouTube on Thursday by Lost Media Busters. Update: The trailer has been yanked from YouTube and The Internet Archive, while currently there is still a snippet on Bluesky.

Split Fiction, the new game from It Takes Two developer Hazelight Studios, launches today on Xbox, PlayStation, and PC. Because the game requires co-op play, Hazelight is bringing back the popular Friend Pass program. With Friend Pass, if you own Split Fiction, you can invite a friend to play with you without needing to purchase a second copy of the game.

Friend Pass is also cross-play enabled, making it easier than ever to find your Player 2. Big brands are advertising on X again, and some Senate Democrats are worried their return to the platform is due to coercion. In a letter addressed to Attorney General Pam Bondi, five Democratic Senators asked the DOJ to investigate whether Musk is using his influence to retaliate against companies that refuse to do business with his platform.

Musks role at DOGE, combined with his ownership of X and other businesses, amount to a significant conflict of interest, reads the letter obtained by the Wall Street Journal. The apparent attempt to strong-arm the federal government to advance his business dealings could violate federal ethics laws and, depending on the specific facts, the federal extortion statute. [wsj.com] The popular online grocer will now offer same-day delivery in New York City via Uber Eats, the companies announced today.

Its the first time that Fresh Directs catalog will be available on a third-party app. And it will provide Uber Eats more ammunition in its war against Amazon, Instacart, Walmart, and other players in the online grocery delivery space. Especially now as all those super-rapid venture-backed grocery delivery startups evaporated.

The keyboard apps latest beta transforms its rectangular keys into... circles, as spotted earlier by Android Authority. It kind of looks like a digital version of Logitechs Pop Keys keyboard, which isnt all that pleasant to type on. Workers are now barred from browsing general news, online shopping, and sports websites on government devices, unless they get an exception for a legitimate business need, according to an email to SSA employees obtained by Rolling Stone.

Apparently this will help better protect the sensitive information entrusted to us in our many systems, which might include some of the same systems the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) has reportedly tried to access. [rollingstone.com] List items:  Login  Sign Up  Facebook  Threads  Instagram  Youtube  RSS  1Our first look at Apples sky blue MacBook AirAntonio G. Di BenedettoMar 6  2I wore a one-horsepower exoskeleton to the worlds biggest tech showSean HollisterMar 5  3The Volkswagen ID. EVERY1 is an affordable EV for the massesAndrew J. HawkinsMar 5  4What went wrong with Skype?Tom WarrenMar 6  5The Take It Down Act isnt a law, its a weaponAdi RobertsonMar 6  1Flying is still safe for now  but the FAA isntNilay PatelMar 6CommentsComment Icon Bubble  2The James Bond Cinematic UniverseDavid PierceMar 4CommentsComment Icon Bubble  3Amazons Panos Panay on the long road to Alexas AI overhaulNilay PatelMar 3CommentsComment Icon Bubble  4The high stakes for AI AlexaDavid PierceFeb 28CommentsComment Icon Bubble  5Understanding Elon Musks polarizing ascent in the MAGA movementAlex HeathFeb 27CommentsComment Icon Bubble

---

Tech  Latest In Tech  Most Popular  Installer  This is the title for the native ad The latest tech news about the worlds best (and sometimes worst) hardware, apps, and much more. From top companies like Google and Apple to tiny startups vying for your attention, Verge Tech has the latest in what matters in technology daily.

Two generations of Apple silicon, one computer. The time until your next turn and ETA are showing up in the status bar on Android 16 beta 2.1 Earlier this week, Donald Trump said DOGE is headed by Elon Musk, despite DOJ lawyers arguing he isnt its administrator or even an employee. Now Politico reports he told the top members of his administration that Musk was empowered to make recommendations to the departments but not to issue unilateral decisions on staffing and policy.

Of course, as CNN reports, Trump also told reporters later: Were going to be watching them, and Elon and the group are going to be watching them, and if they can cut, its better, Trump said. And if they dont cut, then Elon will do the cutting. SpaceX recently listed some explanations for how its seventh Starship flight test ended, and now another report is coming. Flight 8s launch and Super Heavy booster rocket separation was successful, with the booster returning to the pad. However, before reaching the engine cutoff point nearly nine minutes into the flight, the Starship began to tumble, then exploded (according to SpaceX, ...experienced a rapid unscheduled disassembly and contact was lost) without attempting its planned payload deploy demo.

The resulting debris field caused the FAA to issue a ground stop order at several Florida airports until 8PM ET. The new State Department program, called Catch and Revoke, will use AI to review the social media accounts of tens of thousands of students who are in the US on visas, Axios reports. State Department sources tell Axios that officials plan on combing through internal databases to see if any international students were arrested in pro-Palestine demonstrations since October 2023  and that the department is working with the Department of Homeland Security to ensure a whole of government and whole of authority approach. Rubio, the new Secretary of State, has been calling for the revocation of student visas for pro-Palestine protesters since October 2023.

[axios.com] The company, called Dynatomics, aims to use large language models to create highly optimized designs for a wide variety of objects and then have a factory build them, according to a report from The Information. The team is reportedly led by Chris Anderson, who previously served as the CTO of Pages now-shuttered flying car startup Kitty Hawk. [theinformation.com] Through an upcoming automatic software update, Victrola is expanding the wireless compatibility of its Works With Sonos turntables to include Bluetooth, Roon, and UPnP, allowing them to connect to other speakers and audio gear. This functionality was already introduced in 2024 with the premium Victrola Stream Sapphire, but is now being added to its Stream Carbon, Stream Pearl, and Stream Onyx turntables, as spotted by Engadget.

In Government Cheese, Apples new comedy co-created by Paul Hunter and Aeysha Carr, an unusual family living in late 60s San Francisco find their lives turned upside down when the head of the house (David Oyelowo) is freed from a stint in prison. Hampton Chambers (Oyelowo) has a plan to make it big after he invents a new kind of self-sharpening drill, but the process of making his dreams real winds up being more convoluted than he could anticipate. The show debuts April 16th. Photographer Charles Brooks is known for his captivating photos inside musical instruments, so Australias ANSTO invited him to capture the inside of a new part being installed on its synchotron particle accelerator.

Brooks told PetaPixel that engineers had to test his Storz endoscopic lens for magnetism so it wouldnt get sucked into the machine. He used a focus stacking technique that merged 120 images to create a final composite photo that seems to go on forever. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime, you can claim games like Saints Row: The Third Remastered, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood, Deus Ex: Invisible War, and The Forgotten City this month as part of your subscription. Amazon has a full list of games available in a blog post. There are rumors that Fujifilm will expand its medium format camera offerings with a fixed-lens compact GFX1000RF, akin an X100VI with a much larger 100-megapixel sensor.

Fujifilm teased a new camera in the video for its upcoming X Summit, and Fujirumors has posted two leaked images showing more. It would likely cost much more than the popular and still-scarce X100VI, possibly competing more with the 6,300 full-frame Leica Q3. The circular account icon at the top right of the browser has been updated for Chrome Enterprise users.

Companies can now add the workplace name beside their staffers user icon  making it easier to identify for people who jump between several Google accounts. Big brands are advertising on X again, and some Senate Democrats are worried their return to the platform is due to coercion. In a letter addressed to Attorney General Pam Bondi, five Democratic Senators asked the DOJ to investigate whether Musk is using his influence to retaliate against companies that refuse to do business with his platform.

Musks role at DOGE, combined with his ownership of X and other businesses, amount to a significant conflict of interest, reads the letter obtained by the Wall Street Journal. The apparent attempt to strong-arm the federal government to advance his business dealings could violate federal ethics laws and, depending on the specific facts, the federal extortion statute. [wsj.com] The keyboard apps latest beta transforms its rectangular keys into... circles, as spotted earlier by Android Authority. It kind of looks like a digital version of Logitechs Pop Keys keyboard, which isnt all that pleasant to type on.

Workers are now barred from browsing general news, online shopping, and sports websites on government devices, unless they get an exception for a legitimate business need, according to an email to SSA employees obtained by Rolling Stone. Apparently this will help better protect the sensitive information entrusted to us in our many systems, which might include some of the same systems the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) has reportedly tried to access. [rollingstone.com] The DIY home security company launched the new app today and expanded its Android TV app. Users can now arm and disarm their Abode system from their TV, view live video feeds from up to four cameras, see recorded clips, and control devices through quick actions.

Some Abode systems and cameras are Apple Home compatible, so they could already be controlled on Apple TV via the Home app, but this dedicated app expands the functionality to all Abode systems. The FAA is dealing with crashes, layoffs, and outdated tech. Now Elon Musk wants in.

The 249.99 Shark TurboBlade fan has a feature you wont find on Dysons bladeless tower fans. Its design features a pair of vents that can be independently adjusted to send air to both sides of a room. The oscillating vents can also be oriented horizontally or vertically, but the best feature might be a sleep mode that dims status lights, mutes chimes, and reduces the fan speed for quieter operation over night. It turns out it takes a little Fortran to make a faster Corvette. A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verges universe.

List items:  Login  Sign Up  Facebook  Threads  Instagram  Youtube  RSS  Our first look at Apples sky blue MacBook AirVideo  I wore a one-horsepower exoskeleton to the worlds biggest tech show  The Volkswagen ID. EVERY1 is an affordable EV for the masses  What went wrong with Skype? The Take It Down Act isnt a law, its a weapon

---

Reviews  Deals  Buying Guides  Latest In Reviews  Skylight Calendars new AI tool helped tame my familys busy schedules  Most Popular  Installer  This is the title for the native ad Looking to buy your next phone, laptop, headphones, or other tech gear? Or maybe you just want to know all of the details about the latest products from Apple, Samsung, Google, and many others.

The Verge Reviews is the place for all of that and more. Whether youre looking for buying advice, how to use products you already own, or the best deals on products weve tested and used ourselves and can recommend, you neednt look any further. 7 Verge Score Apples tablet lineup is more complex than ever  but picking the iPad to buy might be simpler than expected.

Heres how to choose the one for you. 7 Verge Score 6 Verge Score 7 Verge Score 6 Verge Score Samsung Displays bendy concept displays are always stunning, if not always practical. But rather than debate just how many compromises a foldable portable would require, or how pricy it might be, I choose to bask in its prototype glory! Find more wacky Samsung Displays like the flexible briefcase in Allisons whole story and her larger video.

Did they rebuild me better, stronger, faster? Not exactly! As I explain in my full story, the Hypershell Pro X made me feel like I had an extra energy tank, like the ones exosuit-wearing bounty hunter Samus Aran obtains in the Metroid games. Oh, and it works when youre riding a bicycle, too! The RTX 5070 is a solid card for 1440p gaming, though.

7 Verge Score Travel bag or photo workstation, you choose. 8 Verge Score The niche gaming tablet makes the switch to integrated graphics and, amazingly, is better for it. 8 Verge Score So easy to use youll take it everywhere, but it cant stream services like Netflix or Amazon Prime. 8 Verge Score The wait was worth it thanks to a host of smart updates to sound and fit.

I guess heart rate monitoring is there, too. 7 Verge Score After three years, the hunt for my perfect foundation shade is finally over. 6 Verge Score The company goes legit with a European lineup that cant be hacked.

7 Verge Score A basic iPhone for unfussy people. Can Framework fix budget laptops next? Thats the goal, and Framework CEO Nirav Patel says hell be dogfooding it himself, making this 12-inch laptop his daily driver for the foreseeable future. He wouldnt tell me just how budget itll go yet. Its a watch.

Its a ring. Its more jewelry than either, and thats what makes it special. 4 Verge Score Wrong price, wrong guts.

7 Verge Score A giant battery-powered dual-zone refrigerator  freezer on wheels. Right after I published this review, the price increased to 79 from 39. Thats a big jump.

While optional, the subscription adds the Sidekick feature, which I found very useful, so Ive updated the review with my thoughts. The company says it will honor the old price for current users, that the new price reflects the full suite of new features it has added to Plus, and that it will continue investing in Plus through new features and expanding Sidekick. Its the DJI Osmo Mobile 7 Pro.

Personally, I prefer the Osmo Pocket 3s dedicated camera instead of slapping my smartphone on a stick, but these hidden legs, arm, and snap-on eye are all pretty cool! 7 Verge Score An AI-powered Sidekick kicks this smart calendar display up a gear. 8 Verge Score The thinnest foldable in the world might mark the start of diminishing returns. The RTX 5070 Ti delivers almost identical performance to the RTX 4080 with slightly less power draw.

Amazons now rolling out all the latest Kindle Scribe AI features to 2024 and 2022 Scribe owners in the UK, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia. As I wrote in my review, the AI features are the 2024 Scribes most notable upgrade as they let you directly annotate a wider range of Kindle ebook pages. The news comes a couple of weeks after Amazon also started letting users scribble down notes in expandable margins.

8 Verge Score Three-way multipoint, even better sound, and a more comfortable design make these appealing if youre willing to splurge. 4 Verge Score A capable Lunar Lake chipset and great screen would have made this a killer laptop, if it werent for several unforced errors on Dells part. 8 Verge Score Theres something very familiar about this years S-series phones.

8 Verge Score Basically a Teenage Engineering greatest hits compilation. A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verges universe. List items:  Login  Sign Up  Facebook  Threads  Instagram  Youtube  RSS  Accessory Reviews  Phone Reviews  Laptop Reviews  Headphone Reviews  Smart Home Reviews  Smartwatch Reviews  Console Reviews  Tablet Reviews  Speaker Reviews  Our first look at Apples sky blue MacBook AirVideo  I wore a one-horsepower exoskeleton to the worlds biggest tech show  The Volkswagen ID. EVERY1 is an affordable EV for the masses  What went wrong with Skype?

The Take It Down Act isnt a law, its a weapon

====================

WIRED  Most Recent  Todays Picks  A Look at a Very Silicon Valley Approach to Repopulation  If Ukraine Loses Starlink, Here Are the Best Alternatives  Pentagon Cuts Threaten Programs That Secure Loose Nukes and Weapons of Mass Destruction  Trumps Spy Chief Urged to Declassify Details of Secret Surveillance Program  A Sensitive Complex Housing a CIA Facility Was on GSA's List of US Properties for Sale  The 37 Best Movies on Hulu This Week  DOGE Is the Deep State  Social Security Workers Arent Allowed to Read This Story  Musk Takeover  Chatbots, Like the Rest of Us, Just Want to Be Loved  Airplanes of the Future Could Be Fitted With Feather-Like Flaps  Pioneers of Reinforcement Learning Win the Turing Award  The Plight of Migrants Is Deeply Misunderstood. Can a Video Game Help? We Tried 29 Popular Energy Drinks. Heres How They Rank  The 47 Best Shows on Hulu Right Now  VistaPrint Coupons: Exclusive 50 Off in March 2025  Top Wayfair Coupons for March 2025  Nike Promo Codes and Deals: Save up to 40 in March 2025  The US Army Is Using CamoGPT to Purge DEI From Training Materials  People Are Paying Millions to Dine With Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago  A Lethal Mystery Illness Spread in Congo.

USAID Cuts Have Slowed the Response  An Overdiagnosis Epidemic Is Harming Patients Mental Health  Scientists Just Created a Woolly Mouse With Mammoth-Like Fur  How to See the Total Lunar Eclipse and Blood Moon This Month  US Charges 12 Alleged Spies in Chinas Freewheeling Hacker-for-Hire Ecosystem  1 Million Third-Party Android Devices Have a Secret Backdoor for Scammers  Security News This Week: The Trump Administration Is Deprioritizing Russia as a Cyber Threat  The Big Story  Reviews and Buying Guides  WIRED Classics  Trending Stories  TOP STORIES IN THE LAST 48 HOURS  Here's a Map of the For-Sale Government Properties the GSA Pulled From Its Website  DOGEs 1 Federal Spending Limit Is Straight Out of the Twitter Playbook  US State Department Kills Global Air Monitoring Program Researchers Say Paid for Itself  Some DOGE Staffers Are Drawing Six-Figure Government Salaries  DOGEs Foreign Aid Cuts Have Sparked Total Chaos Around the World  This Russian Tech Bro Helped Steal 93 Million and Landed in US Prison. Then Putin Called  The Delirious, Violent, Impossible True Story of the Zizians  When Fires Rage, Millions Turn to Watch Duty. Meet the Guy Who Made It  The Untold Story of a Crypto Crimefighters Descent Into Nigerian Prison  The Love and Sex Edition  Our Favorite Merino Wool Clothes to Keep You Comfy in Any Weather  Listen to POC's In-Helmet Audio System While You Ski  Nvidias GeForce RTX 5070 Doesnt Quite Have the Muscle  Martha Stewarts Marley Spoon Is the Meal Kit That Best Approximates Real Home Cooking  Revlons One-Step Volumizer Plus Packs an Impressive Blowout for Cheap  How a Math Genius Hacked OkCupid to Find True Love  Time Your Attack: Oracles Lost Revolution  Meet the Immigrants Who Took On Amazon  The Untold Story of Silk Road, Part 1  The Wests Infernos Are Melting Our Sense of How Fire Works  Alan Ritchson Answers The Web's Most Searched Questions  Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan Answers DnD Questions  Your Tesla Is Watching  Historian Answers Renaissance Questions  How Every Piece of an iPhone Works  Druski Answers The Web's Most Searched Questions  Clinical Pharmacist Answers Pharmacology Questions  Psychologist Answers Couples Therapy Questions  Building The Biggest Telescope You Can Buy  Football Historian Answers Football Questions List items:  Security  Politics  Gear  The Big Story  Business  Science  Culture  Ideas  Merch  Podcasts  Video  Newsletters  Magazine  Travel  Steven Levy's Plaintext Column  WIRED Classics from the Archive  Events  WIRED Insider  WIRED Consulting  Coupons  iconPlayAutocomplete InterviewAlan Ritchson Answers The Web's Most Searched Questions  iconPlayTech Support Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan Answers DnD Questions  iconPlayIncognito ModeYour Tesla Is Watching  iconPlayTech Support Historian Answers Renaissance Questions  iconPlayEvery PieceHow Every Piece of an iPhone Works  iconPlayAutocomplete InterviewDruski Answers The Web's Most Searched Questions  iconPlayTech Support Clinical Pharmacist Answers Pharmacology Questions  iconPlayTech Support Psychologist Answers Couples Therapy Questions  iconPlayWIRED DesiredBuilding The Biggest Telescope You Can Buy  iconPlayTech Support Football Historian Answers Football Questions

---

Cyberattacks and Hacks  Privacy  Security Advice  Security News  Latest  Trumps Spy Chief Urged to Declassify Details of Secret Surveillance Program  Pentagon Cuts Threaten Programs That Secure Loose Nukes and Weapons of Mass Destruction  The US Army Is Using CamoGPT to Purge DEI From Training Materials  US Charges 12 Alleged Spies in Chinas Freewheeling Hacker-for-Hire Ecosystem  1 Million Third-Party Android Devices Have a Secret Backdoor for Scammers  A Team of Female Founders Is Launching Cloud Security Tech That Could Overhaul AI Protection  This Russian Tech Bro Helped Steal 93 Million and Landed in US Prison. Then Putin Called  Elon Musks Starlink Is Keeping Modern Slavery Compounds Online  Inside the Telegram Groups Doxing Women for Their Facebook Posts  1.4 Billion Stolen From ByBit in Biggest Crypto Theft Ever  Google Ad-Tech Users Can Target National Security Decision Makers and People With Chronic Diseases  How to Get Around the US TikTok Ban  The Best VPNs to Protect Yourself Online  Hey, Maybe It's Time to Delete Some Old Chat Histories  Are You Being Tracked by an AirTag? Heres How to Check  The Trump Administration Is Deprioritizing Russia as a Cyber Threat  OpenAI Job Scam Targeted International Workers Through Telegram  TVs at HUD Played an AI-Generated Video of Donald Trump Kissing Elon Musks Feet  DOGEs USDS Purge Included the Guy Who Keeps Veterans Data Safe Online  The US Is Considering a TP-Link Router BanShould You Worry?

The National Institute of Standards and Technology Braces for Mass Firings  Microsoft Hosted Explicit Videos of This Startup Founder for Years. Here's How She Got Them Taken Down  DOGE Now Has Access to the Top US Cybersecurity Agency  A Signal Update Fends Off a Phishing Technique Used in Russian Espionage  The 50-Year-Old Law That Could Stop DOGE in Its TracksMaybe  The Official DOGE Website Launch Was a Security Mess  Top US Election Security Watchdog Forced to Stop Election Security Work  The Loneliness Epidemic Is a Security Crisis  Chinas Salt Typhoon Spies Are Still Hacking TelecomsNow by Exploiting Cisco Routers  A Hacker Group Within Russias Notorious Sandworm Unit Is Breaching Western Networks  The Murky Ad-Tech World Powering Surveillance of US Military Personnel  US Funding Cuts Are Helping Criminals Get Away With Child Abuse and Human Trafficking  The Rise of the Drone Boats  UK Secret Order Demands That Apple Give Access to Users Encrypted Data  ACLU Warns DOGEs Unchecked Access Could Violate Federal Law  DOGE Teen Owns Tesla.Sexy LLC and Worked at Startup That Has Hired Convicted Hackers  The Collapse of USAID Is Already Fueling Human Trafficking and Slavery at Scammer Compounds  Despite Catastrophic Hacks, Ransomware Payments Dropped Dramatically Last Year  Meet the Hired Guns Who Make Sure School Cyberattacks Stay Hidden List items:  Security  Politics  Gear  The Big Story  Business  Science  Culture  Ideas  Merch  Podcasts  Video  Newsletters  Magazine  Travel  Steven Levy's Plaintext Column  WIRED Classics from the Archive  Events  WIRED Insider  WIRED Consulting  Coupons

---

Policy  Disinformation  Global Elections  Politics News  Latest  Trumps Spy Chief Urged to Declassify Details of Secret Surveillance Program  A Sensitive Complex Housing a CIA Facility Was on GSA's List of US Properties for Sale  Pentagon Cuts Threaten Programs That Secure Loose Nukes and Weapons of Mass Destruction  The US Army Is Using CamoGPT to Purge DEI From Training Materials  The 50-Year-Old Law That Could Stop DOGE in Its TracksMaybe  National Science Foundation Fires 168 Workers as Federal Purge Continues  Top US Election Security Watchdog Forced to Stop Election Security Work  No, 150-Year-Olds Arent Collecting Social Security Benefits  How the US TikTok Ban Would Actually Work  Meta Follows Elon Musks Lead, Moves Staffers to Billionaire-Friendly Texas  Meet the Conspiracy Filmmaker Who Claims to Have Red-Pilled Tulsi Gabbard  Secret Phone Surveillance Tech Was Likely Deployed at 2024 DNC  The Top Cybersecurity Agency in the US Is Bracing for Donald Trump  As Trump Takes a Victory Lap, the Crypto Faithful Kiss the Ring  Russia Is Going All Out on Election Day Interference  DOGEs 1 Federal Spending Limit Is Straight Out of the Twitter Playbook  DOGEs Foreign Aid Cuts Have Sparked Total Chaos Around the World  Behind DOGEs Many Conflicts of Interest and Elon Musks Weekend Email Chaos  DOGE Is Working on Software That Automates the Firing of Government Workers  DOGE Is the Deep State  Social Security Workers Arent Allowed to Read This Story  Here's a Map of the For-Sale Government Properties the GSA Pulled From Its Website  US State Department Kills Global Air Monitoring Program Researchers Say Paid for Itself  People Are Paying Millions to Dine With Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago  A Lethal Mystery Illness Spread in Congo. USAID Cuts Have Slowed the Response  Elon Musks Takeover Is Being Aided by a Trumpworld Power Couple  The DOGE Takeover Is Worse Than You Think  DOGE Staffers at HUD Are From an AI Real Estate Firm and a Mobile Home Operator  How Dan Bongino Went From Infowars to FBI Deputy Director  DOGE Is Inside the National Institutes of Health  TVs at HUD Played an AI-Generated Video of Donald Trump Kissing Elon Musks Feet  DOGE Email Throws Federal Agencies Into Chaos and Confusion  What Elon Musk Got Wrong About Why Federal Retirement Is Still Managed out of a Limestone Mine  DOGE Sparks Surveillance Fear Across the US Government  USDA Layoffs Derail Projects Benefiting American Farmers  The Watergate-Inspired Law Thats Being Used to Fight DOGE  DOGE Puts 1 Spending Limit on Government Employee Credit Cards  The Incompetence of DOGE Is a Feature, Not a Bug  USDS Engineering Director Resigns: This Is Not the Mission I Came to Serve  These Are the SpaceX Engineers Already Working Inside the FAA  Not Even DOGE Employees Know Whos Legally Running DOGE  For-Profit Companies Cant Easily Replace NOAAs Weather-Forecasting Prowess  US Judge Extends Order to Block DOGE From Treasury Department Data  Elon Musks Man in the Treasury Is Still Holding Down His Day Job as Software CEO  DOGEs Website Is Just One Big X Ad  How Were Keeping Tabs on DOGE  DOGEs Race to the Bottom  DOGE Has Started Gutting a Key US Technology Agency  Revenge of the Covid Conspiracy Theorists  The GSA Plans to Sell Hundreds of Its Federal Government Buildings  Former Palantir and Elon Musk Associates Are Taking Over Key Government IT Roles  Dozens of CFPB Workers Fired in After-Hours Blitz  Federal Workers Launch New Lawsuit to Fight DOGEs Data Access  NIH Funding Cuts Appear to Draw on Heritage Foundation Report That Blasts DEI Staff  US Funding Cuts Are Helping Criminals Get Away With Child Abuse and Human Trafficking  The Recruitment Effort That Helped Build Elon Musks DOGE Army  Gutting USAID Will Have a Monumental Effect on Combating Climate Change  ACLU Warns DOGEs Unchecked Access Could Violate Federal Law  A US Treasury Threat Intelligence Analysis Designates DOGE Staff as Insider Threat  DOGE Builds Firewall Between Musks Team and Legacy USDS Workers  DOGE Is Now Inside the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  The US Government Is Not a Startup  The US Treasury Claimed DOGE Technologist Didnt Have Write Access When He Actually Did  USAID Workforce Slashed From 10,000 to Under 300 as Elon Musks DOGE Decimates Agency  DOGE Teen Owns Tesla.Sexy LLC and Worked at Startup That Has Hired Convicted Hackers  NOAA Employees Told to Pause Work With Foreign Nationals  This DOGE Engineer Has Access to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  Elon Musks Takeover Is Causing Rifts in Donald Trumps Inner Circle  The Collapse of USAID Is Already Fueling Human Trafficking and Slavery at Scammer Compounds  The Far Right Has a New Hero: Elon Musk  State Department Puts All Direct Hire USAID Personnel on Administrative Leave  China Is Investigating Google Over Trumps Tariffs  Federal Workers Sue to Disconnect DOGE Server  A 25-Year-Old With Elon Musk Ties Has Direct Access to the Federal Payment System  Elon Musks DOGE Is Still Blocking HIVAIDS Relief Exempted From Foreign Aid Cuts  Elon Musk Ally Tells Staff AI-First Is the Future of Key Government Agency  Pronouns Are Being Forcibly Removed From Government Email Signatures  The Young, Inexperienced Engineers Aiding Elon Musks Government Takeover  DOGE Staff Had Questions About the Resign Email. Their New HR Chief Dodged Them  US Government Websites Are Disappearing in Real Time  The Damage to Federal Medical Research Is Already Done  Elon Musks Friends Have Infiltrated Another Government Agency  Kash Patel Says He Never Promoted QAnon. Here Are All The Times He Did  Government Tech Workers Forced to Defend Projects to Random Elon Musk Bros  Bleach Enthusiast, Antisemitic Conspiracist Among Stars of Anti-Vaxxer Event to Be Held at Trump Hotel  The Contentification of Trump Policy  Elon Musk Tells Friends Hes Sleeping at the DOGE Offices in DC  The Trial at the Tip of the Terrorgram Iceberg  Elon Musk Is Running the Twitter Playbook on the Federal Government  Elon Musk Lackeys Have Taken Over the Office of Personnel Management  DOGE Will Allow Elon Musk to Surveil the US Government From the Inside  We Have Seen a Lot More Hate: Trans People Are Already Terrified  Trump Wants a War With Cartelsand May Just Get One  The Proud Boys Are Plotting a Comeback.

And They Want Revenge  The Global Far Right Is Celebrating Trumps New World Order  The Who's Who of MAGA Influencers You Should Know About by Now  Psychology Can Be Harnessed to Combat Violent Extremism  Mexico Rushes to Help Stranded Migrants After Trump Shuts Down the CBP One App  A Capitol Rioters Son Is Terrified About His Fathers Release  Trump Frees Silk Road Creator Ross Ulbricht After 11 Years in Prison  Trumps Plan to Leave the WHO Is a Health Disaster  Gold Sneakers and Too-Tight Suits: The Menswear Guy Weighs In on Inauguration Weekend  Trump Signs Executive Order Saving TikTok for 75 Days  Proud Boys Leaders to Walk Free After Trump Releases All January 6 Rioters  Neo-Nazis Love the Nazi-Like Salutes Elon Musk Made at Trumps Inauguration  The White House Website Is Basically a Marvel Movie Trailer Now  The Donald Trump 2.0 Grift Is Already On  MAGA Influencers Take Their Victory Lap, With Big Tech Picking Up the Tab  TikTok Is Already Back Online  US Supreme Court Upholds TikTok Ban Law  TikTok Hadn't Even Been Banned Before the Backlash Started  Biden's Cyber Ambassador Urges Trump Not to Cede Ground to Russia and China in Global Tech Fight  A New Jam-Packed Biden Executive Order Tackles Cybersecurity, AI, and More  Far-Right Extremists Are LARPing as Emergency Workers in Los Angeles  The TikTok Ban Is More Likely Than Ever  TikTok SCOTUS Live Blog: The Court Hears Arguments Over Potential Ban  Elon Musk and Far-Right German Leader Agree Hitler Was a Communist  Rumble Among 15 Targets of Texas Attorney Generals Child Privacy Probe  Elon Musks Quest for Domination Has Gone Global List items:  Security  Politics  Gear  The Big Story  Business  Science  Culture  Ideas  Merch  Podcasts  Video  Newsletters  Magazine  Travel  Steven Levy's Plaintext Column  WIRED Classics from the Archive  Events  WIRED Insider  WIRED Consulting  Coupons