United for Life  Livelihoods  75 years of vision and impact  Heading Our Members United for Life  Livelihoods The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is a membership Union uniquely composed of both government and civil society organisations. By harnessing the experience, resources and reach of its more than 1,400 Member organisations and the input of some 17,000 experts, IUCN is the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it. A powerful Union IUCN Members include national and subnational governments and government agencies as well as non-governmental and indigenous peoples organisations from over 160 countries. The latest from our members Hundreds of committed staff in more than 60 countries provide data, analysis and convening support to Members, and implement direct conservation action.

IUCN Commissions are networks of scientists and experts providing IUCN and its Members with technical and policy advice to drive conservation and sustainable development. What we do Our knowledge and tools are based on the most up-to-date science. They enable society, economies and nature to thrive together. IUCN monitors species and ecosystems, and steers policy and action to protect and restore the natural world.

Biodiversity Human wellbeing depends on nature and economic development can no longer come at natures expense. IUCN works to help countries mainstream nature into economic decisions, including making the private sector part of the solution for people and nature. Business, finance and economics IUCN monitors the impacts of climate change on nature, and guides the conservation and restoration of ecosystems to help mitigate and adapt to it. Climate change IUCN works to provide everyone with fair access to clean water, and to protect the freshwater ecosystems on which humanity depends.

Freshwater and water security Equality and equity underpin sustainable development. IUCN works to enhance the agency of all those who are marginalised due to factors such as gender, class, age, (dis)ability, ethnicity, race or sexuality, and to ensure environmental law is effective and just. Governance - law and rights Nature-based SolutionsTM leverage nature and the power of healthy ecosystems to protect people, optimise infrastructure and safeguard a stable and biodiverse future. Nature-based Solutions IUCN works to conserve coastal, marine and polar ecosystems, and the many benefits they provide for humanity.

Ocean and coasts IUCN works to protect ecosystems, promote the sustainable use of landscapes and advance justice and equity in conservation. Protected areas and land use The IUCN World Conservation Congress is where the world comes together to set priorities and drive conservation and sustainable development action. More than 9,000 people participated in the 2021 Congress in Marseille. Experts shared the latest science and best practice, and IUCN Members voted on 39 motions to guide humanitys relationship with our planet for the decades ahead. Driving policy and action for people and planet 166,061 species assessed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened SpeciesTM 210 pledged for restoration under the Bonn Challenge Learn more 1,466 and recommendations passed at IUCN assemblies since 1948 Learn More 3,500 published by IUCN Learn more 600 in 60 countries with or working towards certification on the IUCN Green List of Protected and Conserved Areas Learn more Our history 75 years of vision and impact Shortly after the Second World War, IUCNs founders came together under the shared belief that no single government or organisation can address the challenges facing our planet alone.

Each of the seven and a half decades since has reinforced the truth of that belief, and proved the value of a global Union dedicated to solving the issues facing humanity and its relationship with nature, on which humanity depends. United for Life  Livelihoods The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is a membership Union uniquely composed of both government and civil society organisations. By harnessing the experience, resources and reach of its more than 1,400 Member organisations and the input of some 17,000 experts, IUCN is the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it.

A powerful Union IUCN Members include national and subnational governments and government agencies as well as non-governmental and indigenous peoples organisations from over 160 countries. The latest from our members Hundreds of committed staff in more than 60 countries provide data, analysis and convening support to Members, and implement direct conservation action. IUCN Commissions are networks of scientists and experts providing IUCN and its Members with technical and policy advice to drive conservation and sustainable development. What we do Our knowledge and tools are based on the most up-to-date science. They enable society, economies and nature to thrive together.

IUCN monitors species and ecosystems, and steers policy and action to protect and restore the natural world. Biodiversity Human wellbeing depends on nature and economic development can no longer come at natures expense. IUCN works to help countries mainstream nature into economic decisions, including making the private sector part of the solution for people and nature. Business, finance and economics IUCN monitors the impacts of climate change on nature, and guides the conservation and restoration of ecosystems to help mitigate and adapt to it.

Climate change IUCN works to provide everyone with fair access to clean water, and to protect the freshwater ecosystems on which humanity depends. Freshwater and water security Equality and equity underpin sustainable development. IUCN works to enhance the agency of all those who are marginalised due to factors such as gender, class, age, (dis)ability, ethnicity, race or sexuality, and to ensure environmental law is effective and just.

Governance - law and rights Nature-based SolutionsTM leverage nature and the power of healthy ecosystems to protect people, optimise infrastructure and safeguard a stable and biodiverse future. Nature-based Solutions IUCN works to conserve coastal, marine and polar ecosystems, and the many benefits they provide for humanity. Ocean and coasts IUCN works to protect ecosystems, promote the sustainable use of landscapes and advance justice and equity in conservation. Protected areas and land use The IUCN World Conservation Congress is where the world comes together to set priorities and drive conservation and sustainable development action.

More than 9,000 people participated in the 2021 Congress in Marseille. Experts shared the latest science and best practice, and IUCN Members voted on 39 motions to guide humanitys relationship with our planet for the decades ahead. Driving policy and action for people and planet 166,061 species assessed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened SpeciesTM 210 pledged for restoration under the Bonn Challenge Learn more 1,466 and recommendations passed at IUCN assemblies since 1948 Learn More 3,500 published by IUCN Learn more 600 in 60 countries with or working towards certification on the IUCN Green List of Protected and Conserved Areas Learn more Our history 75 years of vision and impact Shortly after the Second World War, IUCNs founders came together under the shared belief that no single government or organisation can address the challenges facing our planet alone. Each of the seven and a half decades since has reinforced the truth of that belief, and proved the value of a global Union dedicated to solving the issues facing humanity and its relationship with nature, on which humanity depends.

United for Life  Livelihoods The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is a membership Union uniquely composed of both government and civil society organisations. By harnessing the experience, resources and reach of its more than 1,400 Member organisations and the input of some 17,000 experts, IUCN is the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it. A powerful Union IUCN Members include national and subnational governments and government agencies as well as non-governmental and indigenous peoples organisations from over 160 countries. The latest from our members Hundreds of committed staff in more than 60 countries provide data, analysis and convening support to Members, and implement direct conservation action. IUCN Commissions are networks of scientists and experts providing IUCN and its Members with technical and policy advice to drive conservation and sustainable development.

What we do Our knowledge and tools are based on the most up-to-date science. They enable society, economies and nature to thrive together. IUCN monitors species and ecosystems, and steers policy and action to protect and restore the natural world. Biodiversity Human wellbeing depends on nature and economic development can no longer come at natures expense. IUCN works to help countries mainstream nature into economic decisions, including making the private sector part of the solution for people and nature.

Business, finance and economics IUCN monitors the impacts of climate change on nature, and guides the conservation and restoration of ecosystems to help mitigate and adapt to it. Climate change IUCN works to provide everyone with fair access to clean water, and to protect the freshwater ecosystems on which humanity depends. Freshwater and water security Equality and equity underpin sustainable development. IUCN works to enhance the agency of all those who are marginalised due to factors such as gender, class, age, (dis)ability, ethnicity, race or sexuality, and to ensure environmental law is effective and just.

Governance - law and rights Nature-based SolutionsTM leverage nature and the power of healthy ecosystems to protect people, optimise infrastructure and safeguard a stable and biodiverse future. Nature-based Solutions IUCN works to conserve coastal, marine and polar ecosystems, and the many benefits they provide for humanity. Ocean and coasts IUCN works to protect ecosystems, promote the sustainable use of landscapes and advance justice and equity in conservation. Protected areas and land use The IUCN World Conservation Congress is where the world comes together to set priorities and drive conservation and sustainable development action.

More than 9,000 people participated in the 2021 Congress in Marseille. Experts shared the latest science and best practice, and IUCN Members voted on 39 motions to guide humanitys relationship with our planet for the decades ahead. Driving policy and action for people and planet 166,061 species assessed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened SpeciesTM 210 pledged for restoration under the Bonn Challenge Learn more 1,466 and recommendations passed at IUCN assemblies since 1948 Learn More 3,500 published by IUCN Learn more 600 in 60 countries with or working towards certification on the IUCN Green List of Protected and Conserved Areas Learn more Our history 75 years of vision and impact Shortly after the Second World War, IUCNs founders came together under the shared belief that no single government or organisation can address the challenges facing our planet alone. Each of the seven and a half decades since has reinforced the truth of that belief, and proved the value of a global Union dedicated to solving the issues facing humanity and its relationship with nature, on which humanity depends.

United for Life  Livelihoods The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is a membership Union uniquely composed of both government and civil society organisations. By harnessing the experience, resources and reach of its more than 1,400 Member organisations and the input of some 17,000 experts, IUCN is the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it. A powerful Union IUCN Members include national and subnational governments and government agencies as well as non-governmental and indigenous peoples organisations from over 160 countries. The latest from our members Hundreds of committed staff in more than 60 countries provide data, analysis and convening support to Members, and implement direct conservation action.

IUCN Commissions are networks of scientists and experts providing IUCN and its Members with technical and policy advice to drive conservation and sustainable development. What we do Our knowledge and tools are based on the most up-to-date science. They enable society, economies and nature to thrive together. IUCN monitors species and ecosystems, and steers policy and action to protect and restore the natural world.

Biodiversity Human wellbeing depends on nature and economic development can no longer come at natures expense. IUCN works to help countries mainstream nature into economic decisions, including making the private sector part of the solution for people and nature. Business, finance and economics IUCN monitors the impacts of climate change on nature, and guides the conservation and restoration of ecosystems to help mitigate and adapt to it. Climate change IUCN works to provide everyone with fair access to clean water, and to protect the freshwater ecosystems on which humanity depends.

Freshwater and water security Equality and equity underpin sustainable development. IUCN works to enhance the agency of all those who are marginalised due to factors such as gender, class, age, (dis)ability, ethnicity, race or sexuality, and to ensure environmental law is effective and just. Governance - law and rights Nature-based SolutionsTM leverage nature and the power of healthy ecosystems to protect people, optimise infrastructure and safeguard a stable and biodiverse future. Nature-based Solutions IUCN works to conserve coastal, marine and polar ecosystems, and the many benefits they provide for humanity.

Ocean and coasts IUCN works to protect ecosystems, promote the sustainable use of landscapes and advance justice and equity in conservation. Protected areas and land use The IUCN World Conservation Congress is where the world comes together to set priorities and drive conservation and sustainable development action. More than 9,000 people participated in the 2021 Congress in Marseille. Experts shared the latest science and best practice, and IUCN Members voted on 39 motions to guide humanitys relationship with our planet for the decades ahead.

Driving policy and action for people and planet 166,061 species assessed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened SpeciesTM 210 pledged for restoration under the Bonn Challenge Learn more 1,466 and recommendations passed at IUCN assemblies since 1948 Learn More 3,500 published by IUCN Learn more 600 in 60 countries with or working towards certification on the IUCN Green List of Protected and Conserved Areas Learn more Our history 75 years of vision and impact Shortly after the Second World War, IUCNs founders came together under the shared belief that no single government or organisation can address the challenges facing our planet alone. Each of the seven and a half decades since has reinforced the truth of that belief, and proved the value of a global Union dedicated to solving the issues facing humanity and its relationship with nature, on which humanity depends. IUCN Members include national and subnational governments and government agencies as well as non-governmental and indigenous peoples organisations from over 160 countries.

The latest from our members List items:  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Assessing ecosystems  Biodiversity and health  Ecosystem restoration  Freshwater species  Invasive Alien Species  Managing ecosystems  Marine species  Species conservation action  Species conservation science  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Biodiversity net-gain  Extractive, energy and infrastructure  Fisheries and aquaculture  Livelihoods and sustainable use  Plastic and other pollution  Tourism and sport  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Climate change impacts on nature  Ecosystem-based Adaptation  Ecosystem-based mitigation  Nature-based Solutions for climate  Ocean and climate change  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Fisheries and aquaculture  Freshwater species  Livelihoods and sustainable use  Plastic and other pollution  Transboundary water governance and diplomacy  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Gender equality  Global and transboundary frameworks  High seas  Indigenous peoples  Legal training  National legal systems  Transboundary water governance and diplomacy  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Disaster risk reduction  Ecosystem restoration  Nature-based Solutions for climate  Nature-based Solutions for cities  IUCN Global Standard for Nature-based Solutions  Fisheries and aquaculture  High seas  Marine ecosystems  Marine species  Ocean and climate change  Plastic and other pollution  Sustainable food and agricultural systems  Drylands and land degradation  Effective protected areas  Forests  Livelihoods and sustainable use  Marine ecosystems  World Heritage

---

About IUCN  Our Vision  A just world that values  and  conserves nature  Our Mission  Influence, encourage and assist societies to conserve the integrity and diversity of nature and ensure that any use of natural resources is equitable and ecologically sustainable. About IUCN IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) is a membership Union of government and civil society organisations. Together, we work to advance sustainable development and create a just world that values and conserves nature. Created in 1948, IUCN is now the worlds largest and most diverse environmental network, harnessing the knowledge, resources and reach of our more than 1,400 Member organisations and 17,000 experts. This diversity and expertise makes IUCN the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it.

1400 IUCN is a membership union that brings government and civil society organisations together with a global network of experts. Learn about our Union 160 IUCN is active around the world, from research and analysis to impactful projects and informing policy. Learn about our work 75 IUCN has produced authoritative reports, standards, guidelines and tools for over seven decades. Learn about our resources Our broad membership also means we can incubate ideas and are a trusted repository of best practices, tools and international standards. We provide a neutral space in which governments, NGOs, scientists, businesses, local communities, indigenous peoples organisations and others can work together to solve environmental challenges and achieve sustainable development.

Working with many partners and supporters, IUCN implements a large and diverse portfolio of conservation projects worldwide. These projects combine the latest science with traditional knowledge of local communities to work to reverse habitat loss, restore ecosystems and improve peoples well-being. IUCN's Members, expert Commissions and Secretariat work together in a combined effort to conserve nature and accelerate the transition to sustainable development. IUCN Member organisations set the direction of the Union's work, and global conservation efforts more broadly, every four years at the IUCN World Conservation Congress.

IUCN Commissions include thousands of experts from around the world who inform IUCNs knowledge and help produce its work. In addition to contributing knowledge, convening and capacity-building work, the Secretariat manages projects worldwide and coordinates support services to Members and Commissions. About IUCN IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) is a membership Union of government and civil society organisations. Together, we work to advance sustainable development and create a just world that values and conserves nature.

Created in 1948, IUCN is now the worlds largest and most diverse environmental network, harnessing the knowledge, resources and reach of our more than 1,400 Member organisations and 17,000 experts. This diversity and expertise makes IUCN the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it. 1400 IUCN is a membership union that brings government and civil society organisations together with a global network of experts.

Learn about our Union 160 IUCN is active around the world, from research and analysis to impactful projects and informing policy. Learn about our work 75 IUCN has produced authoritative reports, standards, guidelines and tools for over seven decades. Learn about our resources Our broad membership also means we can incubate ideas and are a trusted repository of best practices, tools and international standards. We provide a neutral space in which governments, NGOs, scientists, businesses, local communities, indigenous peoples organisations and others can work together to solve environmental challenges and achieve sustainable development.

Working with many partners and supporters, IUCN implements a large and diverse portfolio of conservation projects worldwide. These projects combine the latest science with traditional knowledge of local communities to work to reverse habitat loss, restore ecosystems and improve peoples well-being. IUCN's Members, expert Commissions and Secretariat work together in a combined effort to conserve nature and accelerate the transition to sustainable development. IUCN Member organisations set the direction of the Union's work, and global conservation efforts more broadly, every four years at the IUCN World Conservation Congress.

IUCN Commissions include thousands of experts from around the world who inform IUCNs knowledge and help produce its work. In addition to contributing knowledge, convening and capacity-building work, the Secretariat manages projects worldwide and coordinates support services to Members and Commissions. About IUCN IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) is a membership Union of government and civil society organisations. Together, we work to advance sustainable development and create a just world that values and conserves nature. Created in 1948, IUCN is now the worlds largest and most diverse environmental network, harnessing the knowledge, resources and reach of our more than 1,400 Member organisations and 17,000 experts.

This diversity and expertise makes IUCN the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it. 1400 IUCN is a membership union that brings government and civil society organisations together with a global network of experts. Learn about our Union 160 IUCN is active around the world, from research and analysis to impactful projects and informing policy. Learn about our work 75 IUCN has produced authoritative reports, standards, guidelines and tools for over seven decades.

Learn about our resources Our broad membership also means we can incubate ideas and are a trusted repository of best practices, tools and international standards. We provide a neutral space in which governments, NGOs, scientists, businesses, local communities, indigenous peoples organisations and others can work together to solve environmental challenges and achieve sustainable development. Working with many partners and supporters, IUCN implements a large and diverse portfolio of conservation projects worldwide. These projects combine the latest science with traditional knowledge of local communities to work to reverse habitat loss, restore ecosystems and improve peoples well-being. IUCN's Members, expert Commissions and Secretariat work together in a combined effort to conserve nature and accelerate the transition to sustainable development.

IUCN Member organisations set the direction of the Union's work, and global conservation efforts more broadly, every four years at the IUCN World Conservation Congress. IUCN Commissions include thousands of experts from around the world who inform IUCNs knowledge and help produce its work. In addition to contributing knowledge, convening and capacity-building work, the Secretariat manages projects worldwide and coordinates support services to Members and Commissions. About IUCN IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) is a membership Union of government and civil society organisations.

Together, we work to advance sustainable development and create a just world that values and conserves nature. Created in 1948, IUCN is now the worlds largest and most diverse environmental network, harnessing the knowledge, resources and reach of our more than 1,400 Member organisations and 17,000 experts. This diversity and expertise makes IUCN the global authority on the status of the natural world and the measures needed to safeguard it.

1400 IUCN is a membership union that brings government and civil society organisations together with a global network of experts. Learn about our Union 160 IUCN is active around the world, from research and analysis to impactful projects and informing policy. Learn about our work 75 IUCN has produced authoritative reports, standards, guidelines and tools for over seven decades. Learn about our resources Our broad membership also means we can incubate ideas and are a trusted repository of best practices, tools and international standards.

We provide a neutral space in which governments, NGOs, scientists, businesses, local communities, indigenous peoples organisations and others can work together to solve environmental challenges and achieve sustainable development. Working with many partners and supporters, IUCN implements a large and diverse portfolio of conservation projects worldwide. These projects combine the latest science with traditional knowledge of local communities to work to reverse habitat loss, restore ecosystems and improve peoples well-being. IUCN's Members, expert Commissions and Secretariat work together in a combined effort to conserve nature and accelerate the transition to sustainable development. IUCN Member organisations set the direction of the Union's work, and global conservation efforts more broadly, every four years at the IUCN World Conservation Congress.

IUCN Commissions include thousands of experts from around the world who inform IUCNs knowledge and help produce its work. In addition to contributing knowledge, convening and capacity-building work, the Secretariat manages projects worldwide and coordinates support services to Members and Commissions. ---

News  events  Explore all news  events List items:  Story 07 Mar, 2025 Ann Singeo, hero of the ocean, leads women to sea change  Blog 07 Mar, 2025 Women at the Centre of Solutions for Climate Change  Blog 06 Mar, 2025 Scaling Up Biodiversity Conservation and Sustainability in the Caribbean Region: A Comprehensive  Story 06 Mar, 2025 IUCN celebrates World Wildlife Day 2025 with partners in Bangladesh  News 05 Mar, 2025 IUCN Food and Agricultural Systems at UN CBD COP16  Cali and Rome  Coursetraining 12 Jun, 2025 Professional Certificate on Measuring and Monitoring Urban Nature  2nd Edition  Coursetraining 28 May, 2025 Professional Certificate on Finance for Nature  5th Edition  Story 05 Mar, 2025 Paving the road for the Green List in Tunisia and Catalonia  Story 05 Mar, 2025 IUCN organises first training on Nature-Based Solutions in Bangladesh  Story 04 Mar, 2025 The Indo-Burma Ramsar Regional Initiative (IBRRI) finalises regional strategic plan on