British Library  We are the national library of the UK. Our shelves hold over 170 million items - a living collection that gets bigger every day. I want to...  Support our work  News  Contact us  Consult the collection  Use the Library  Visit our buildings  Attend an event  Find schools information  Get business support  Explore items from Medieval Women online  Access the British Newspaper Archive in our Reading Rooms  Essential maintenance in the Reading Rooms  Four major digitised manuscripts restored Although our roots extend back centuries, we collect everything published today, tomorrow and decades into the future. We have millions of books, but also newspapers, maps, sound recordings, patents and stamps.

Our spaces are open for study, a place to meet friends, to start up a new business or to get inspired by visiting our galleries and events. We're continuing to experience a major technology outage as a result of a cyber-attack. Our buildings are open as usual, however, the outage is still affecting our website, online systems and services, as well as some onsite services. This is a temporary website, with limited content outlining the services that are currently available, as well as what's on at the Library.

Search our online catalogue to find most of our printed collections and some freely available online resources, but not everything is available. Our Reading Rooms in London and Yorkshire are open, but access to our collection and online resources is limited. Our buildings in London and Yorkshire are open as usual.

Find our opening hours, facilities and access information. Discover what's on at the Library. We have five-star exhibitions, events and courses, family activities, free galleries and tours. Explore our free workshops and activities for schools, available in London, Leeds and online. Start-up, protect or grow your business.

Our centres across the UK offer expert advice for all stages of your business journey. As a charity, we work to preserve and share our collection of over 170 million items, which grows every day. 27 February 2025 - You can now explore several items recently displayed in our Medieval Women exhibition, now available in their entirety on our website. 19 February 2025 - You can now access nearly 90 million pages of digitised newspapers when you use the British Newspaper Archive on your own device in our Reading Rooms.

Login or register for the BNA to access the archive when you connect to our WiFi. 14 February 2025 - Scaffolding will be in place in the BIPC Reading Room on Saturday 22 February and in the Humanities Reading Room on Saturday 1 March. The rooms will be open as usual, but due to the scaffolding some banks of desks will be unavailable and part of the open access shelving in the BIPC will be inaccessible.

All our other Reading Rooms are open as usual. 30 October 2024 - We've now added the Moutier-Grandval Bible, Codex Sinaiticus, Chronicle of the Kings of Mann and the Isles; John of Salisbury, Entheticus in Policraticum etc., and the Lindisfarne Gospels to our restored digitised manuscripts. Email customerbl.uk or use our online chat (MondayâââFriday, 09.30âââ16.00). ---

How to use the British Library  Search our catalogue  Whatâs currently available?

Visit the British Library  More information and resources  Research guides  Get your Reader Pass  Use our study spaces  Order collection items  Other available resources We're a bit different to your local library. We house the national collection, with many unique items. You can't take books home, but you can use our Reading Rooms in London and Yorkshire for personal study and to access our collection. All you need is a free Reader Pass.

You can also use our public spaces in London for personal study, but you can only consult collection items in our Reading Rooms. Some rooms have a special focus, where you consult a particular type of material, others are more general reading areas. All of them have comfy seats, free Wi-Fi, and staff you can ask for advice. Explore an interim version of our main catalogue, which contains the majority of our printed collections, but not everything is included.

We're continuing to experience disruption to our services because of a cyber-attack. At the moment access to our collection and online resources is limited. Your Reader Pass is a library card that gives you free access to our collections and Reading Rooms in London and Yorkshire. We have 11 Reading Rooms in London and one in Yorkshire, where you can request and see our collection items, or just come to study.

Request items from our catalogue of over 170 million items and they'll be waiting for you in our Reading Rooms. Our research and collection guides can help you use our catalogue, request collection items to consult, and explore freely available electronic resources. Get in touch with our friendly team.

We can help you find what you need. Explore our blogs from curators and teams across the Library. Freely available eresources, selected by our experts and listed by title and subject. Information about our other services, including Public Lending Right (PLR), Legal Deposit, British Library On Demand, digitisation and metadata services.

Access 1,000 of our digitised manuscripts, including the Sherborne Missal and Octateuch, Four Gospels and Synodicon. Look at digitised collections items from around the world through our Endangered Archive Programme (EAP). Access a temporary search interface for the English Short Title Catalogue (ESTC), to search over 480,000 pre-1801 records, many with links to Early English Books Online (EEBO).

Created by Nikolai Vogler for the collaborative research project Print  Probability. Use this filtered search to access over 700,000 digitised books from our collection on Google Books. Search our open access Research Repository for outputs from our staff, open access data sets, 3D models of collection items and content from other heritage organisations. The British Library Playbills collection gives access to 80,000 theatre posters.

It includes high resolution images with searchable text of English, Scottish, and Irish playbills made between 1600 and 1902 (mostly 19th century). Explore manuscripts, paintings, textiles and artefacts from the Eastern Silk Roads, conserved and digitised as part of the International Dunhuang Programme. The website includes about 40,000 digitised items from the British Library collection, including manuscripts and historical photographs.

LibraryOn is a single online home for libraries and library users across the country â offering an easy way to find, understand and use your local libraryâs services. List items:  British Library  Research

---

Business  IP Centre: For every bright idea, everywhere  Start-up and scale-up programmes  More business resources  Where to find us  Find business support in your local library  Free business events  Business research and resources  Kickstart Your Business  Get Ready for Business Growth  Catch up on our business events  Our Impact: Democratising Entrepreneurship  Read our business blog  BIPC Reading Room opening times Weâre here to help you start and grow your business. We offer a busy programme of free events, workshops and one-to-ones with our team of specialists, as well as access to the largest collection of business and intellectual property (IP) information in the UK, including market research, funding and company information. Follow us on Instagram businessandipcentre and LinkedIn Business  IP Centre.

With our network of Business  IP Centres (BIPCs) in libraries across London and the UK, weâre here to help wherever you are. Take a look at our interactive map to find your local centre and check out the resources and support available. From panel talks with industry leaders to specialist workshops on intellectual property, funding, marketing and more, our business events programme will inform and inspire you.

With both online events and plenty of opportunities to network and meet other entrepreneurs in person, weâve got something for everyone. We offer specialist one-to-one business support and market research for all stages of your business journey, in person or online. You can access our free industry guides, research and get specific guidance on patents and intellectual property, and come along to the BIPC and use our business databases with a member of our team. Our free two-day programme will provide practical tips to get your start-up off the ground and turn your business idea into a reality.

Taking place in BIPCs across London, we offer tailored business information on everything from finding your customers to researching and protecting your brand. Discover how our scale-up programme has helped over 400 individuals to innovate and grow their creative businesses through one-to-one mentoring, tailored workshops and access to bespoke research. Email scaleupbl.uk to apply to join the 2025 programme. Get inspired at any time with recordings of our previous Inspiring Entrepreneurs events.

Covering a wide variety of topics and industries, you can learn key business tips and tricks from successful entrepreneurs. Find out how we are driving economic growth through our Network of over 100 libraries around the UK. Keep up with our best business advice from our expert team and inspiring entrepreneurs, learn about intellectual property and patents, and read interviews with BIPC success stories from across the UK. The Business  IP Centre (BIPC) and Reading Room is located on Floor 1 in the British Library St Pancras site.

We also have a growing network of BIPCs offering business support in local libraries across London and the rest of the UK. Contact us at bipcbl.uk and see how we can help you today. List items:  British Library  Business