Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth  Curbing the Power of the Popes  The Wild Hunt in England  The Great German Peasants War  Todays featured articles  Most recent  Current issue  Popular Articles  ALTERNATIVE HISTORIES  Recent issues  Chamberlain, Appeasement, and the Wait for War  The Rise and Ruin of Heligoland  The First Anglo-Burmese War  The Affair of the Sausages  The Wild Hunt in England  Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth  Maiden Flight of the Spitfire  The Nabataeans are Coming  Friends in Youth by Minoo Dinshaw review  An Uneasy Propaganda Alliance  The Birth of Giovanni Morelli  In the March issue:  Volume 75 Issue 3 March 2025  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024 Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the popes religious and secular powers. The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Was it ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking?

More than 100,000 people took up arms across the Holy Roman Empire in the spring of 1525. What drove them? And why were they ultimately crushed? The wait for the outcome of Neville Chamberlains mission to Munich and the looming spectre of another war hung over Britain in 1938.

Its impact was deeply felt. The key to Germanys imperial ambition, the North Sea island of Heligoland was transformed into a fortress. By the end of the Second World War, the dream lay in ruins. In March 1824 the East India Company declared war on Burma, the opening salvo in a series of conflicts that would see one empire fall, another expand and leave divisive wounds still felt today.

On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes.

Was it all bread and circuses? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour.

Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Giovanni Morelllater Morelliwas born in Verona on 25 February 1816 beginning a lifetime of dedication to the art of the connoisseur.

The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App.

Peasants War, Reconquista, Tokyo Firebombing Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking?

Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour. Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Giovanni Morelllater Morelliwas born in Verona on 25 February 1816 beginning a lifetime of dedication to the art of the connoisseur.

List items:  FeatureChamberlain, Appeasement, and the Wait for WarThe wait for the outcome of Neville Chamberlains mission to Munich and the looming spectre of another war hung over Britain in 1938. Its impact was deeply felt. Julie Gottlieb  FeatureThe Rise and Ruin of HeligolandThe key to Germanys imperial ambition, the North Sea island of Heligoland was transformed into a fortress.

By the end of the Second World War, the dream lay in ruins. Jan Rüger  FeatureThe First Anglo-Burmese WarIn March 1824 the East India Company declared war on Burma, the opening salvo in a series of conflicts that would see one empire fall, another expand and leave divisive wounds still felt today. Michael W. Charney  Months Past The Affair of the Sausages On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages.

Out of the Margins The Wild Hunt in England The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking? History Matters Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses?

Months Past Maiden Flight of the Spitfire On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour. Behind the Times The Nabataeans are Coming Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism?

Review Friends in Youth by Minoo Dinshaw review Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. History Matters An Uneasy Propaganda Alliance The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Months Past The Birth of Giovanni Morelli Giovanni Morelllater Morelliwas born in Verona on 25 February 1816 beginning a lifetime of dedication to the art of the connoisseur. Image In the March issue: The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more!

You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. Volume 75 Issue 3 March 2025Peasants War, Reconquista, Tokyo Firebombing  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives

---

This Months Magazine  SELECTED ARTICLES FROM THIS ISSUE  Recent issues  In the current issue:  The Great German Peasants War  The Firebombing of Tokyo  Adolphe Saxs Brass Wars  Pelayo: the Reluctant Visigoth and the Reconquista  The Great Siege of Malta by Marcus Bull review  Delivering the Chinese Post Office  How Have Cults Shaped American History? Curbing the Power of the Popes  An Uneasy Propaganda Alliance  Friends in Youth by Minoo Dinshaw review  The Nabataeans are Coming  Maiden Flight of the Spitfire  Pompeys Greatest Show on Earth  The Wild Hunt in England  The Affair of the Sausages  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024  Volume 74 Issue 11 November 2024  Volume 74 Issue 10 October 2024  Volume 74 Issue 9 September 2024  Volume 74 Issue 8 August 2024  Volume 74 Issue 7 July 2024  Volume 74 Issue 6 June 2024  Volume 74 Issue 5 May 2024  Volume 74 Issue 4 April 2024  Volume 74 Issue 3 March 2024 The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more.

Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. More than 100,000 people took up arms across the Holy Roman Empire in the spring of 1525.

What drove them? And why were they ultimately crushed? American air raids on Japans capital burned the city in March 1945, killing 80,000 people in one night alone.

Had to be done, said the general who ordered it. A battle of wills between Adolphe Sax and musical instrument makers in 19th-century France saw an unprecedented legal contest unfold. Pelayo, King of Asturias, is Spains first national hero, credited with beginning the Reconquista with his victory at the Battle of Covadonga.

What do we really know about him? The Great Siege of Malta by Marcus Bull upends the myth of the Knights of Malta and their last stand of 1565. As Late Imperial China sought to rebuild as a modern state from the ashes of war, a new national post office was born.

From a cults rogue personalities to its foundational ideologies, how have fringe beliefs guided the direction of the American dream? The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the popes religious and secular powers. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde.

Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour.

Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking?

On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives Medieval Monks, Duelling, Roman Elections Silk Road, French Resistance, Medieval Wills William III, Blitz Murder, Edwardian Wars Ethiopian Monks, Lit  Phils, A Game at Chess Korean War, Robert the Bruce, Highwaymen D-Day, Jack the Ripper, James I Merlin, French Revolution, Orkney Spanish Civil War, Capetians, Spies Pirates, Haiti, Tudor Domesday Book See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues The Great Peasants War, the firebombing of Tokyo, Pelayo and the Reconquista, delivering the Chinese Post Office, curbing the power of the popes, and more. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. More than 100,000 people took up arms across the Holy Roman Empire in the spring of 1525.

What drove them? And why were they ultimately crushed? American air raids on Japans capital burned the city in March 1945, killing 80,000 people in one night alone. Had to be done, said the general who ordered it. A battle of wills between Adolphe Sax and musical instrument makers in 19th-century France saw an unprecedented legal contest unfold.

Pelayo, King of Asturias, is Spains first national hero, credited with beginning the Reconquista with his victory at the Battle of Covadonga. What do we really know about him? The Great Siege of Malta by Marcus Bull upends the myth of the Knights of Malta and their last stand of 1565. As Late Imperial China sought to rebuild as a modern state from the ashes of war, a new national post office was born.

From a cults rogue personalities to its foundational ideologies, how have fringe beliefs guided the direction of the American dream? The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the popes religious and secular powers. The doomed film collaboration between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan resulted in two very different features serving the same fascist agenda: The Daughter of the Samurai and The New Earth. Friends in Youth: Choosing Sides in the English Civil War by Minoo Dinshaw views the conflict through the sad case of Bulstrode Whitelock and Edward Hyde. Pre-Islamic history was once taboo in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Will the rediscovery of an ancient people  the Nabataeans  encourage international tourism? On 5 March 1936 the prototype Spitfire made its maiden flight. Its creator R.J. Mitchell would not live to see its finest hour.

Romes first theatre was an enormous spectacle intended to glorify Pompeys successes. Was it all bread and circuses? The monks of Peterborough told strange tales of the Wild Hunt. Were they ghostly apparitions or wishful thinking?

On 9 March 1522 the Swiss Reformation began with an ostentatious eating of sausages. List items:  Volume 75 Issue 2 February 2025Mamluks, Revolutionary America, Medieval Jews  Volume 75 Issue 1 January 2025Kashmir, Leipzig Trials, Renaissance Prague  Volume 74 Issue 12 December 2024Byzantine Empire, Lutheran Organs, Victorian Detectives  Volume 74 Issue 11 November 2024Medieval Monks, Duelling, Roman Elections  Volume 74 Issue 10 October 2024Silk Road, French Resistance, Medieval Wills  Volume 74 Issue 9 September 2024William III, Blitz Murder, Edwardian Wars  Volume 74 Issue 8 August 2024Ethiopian Monks, Lit  Phils, A Game at Chess  Volume 74 Issue 7 July 2024Korean War, Robert the Bruce, Highwaymen  Volume 74 Issue 6 June 2024D-Day, Jack the Ripper, James I  Volume 74 Issue 5 May 2024Merlin, French Revolution, Orkney  Volume 74 Issue 4 April 2024Spanish Civil War, Capetians, Spies  Volume 74 Issue 3 March 2024Pirates, Haiti, Tudor Domesday Book